Reception Strategies

February 7th, 2007 at 10h37

Trust, conversation, accompaniment, companionship, confidants, empathic listening, acceptation, making love, supervising, orientation, curatorship, visitors, helping, compassion, parenting, teamwork, faith,

The first step on the path of receptivity and reception is developing a basic openness to the events of and people in one’s life.  It is a sort of acquiescence, saying, “So be it,” to life in general.  What will happen will happen, there’s nothing I can do to change it, except to remain open to new experiences.

In receiving the Other, one needs to form the bonds of trust.  The Other can be your lover, your supervisor, a visitor, a helper, a parent, a confidant.  All these relationships require an openness of spirit and of the heart in accepting these people and in building Trust.

One needs to be good company by building one’s resources of reception strategies.  For the Other is our companion in life, our companion on the road.  We form a team.  Another important factor in building resourceful reception strategies is learning empathic listening.  This means simply lending an ear to the other’s stories without judgment and without interruption.  

We have reception or behavior modification armors.  We build them from our many life stresses.  A life stress is like a detonation that scares us into retracting into ourselves, creating masks and armors.  We ought to just naturally change our behaviors according to the new events that take place.  We’re not meant to be rigid in our behavioral structures.  We’re meant to be fluid, to change modules.

It is important to make a stress profile.  

To be receptive is to desire to live, to desire the changes that are always imminent.  Resistance is not the way to go.  The way to go is the way of letting events unfold and letting the subjective truths behind them become unveiled.  Subjectivity is truth, and truth is openness.

NOTES:
February 6th, 2007

11h32

I just heard the song “Hurt” I think it is called by Christina Aguilera.  I cried and thought about when I used to blame my mother for all my problems.  I felt awful.  I need to let go of that past, all the hurt I caused.  It’s hard, though, when the emotion rises out of its slumber.

I think that it’s important to think of God when one grieves.  Grief, I think, exists so that we can direct our attention towards God and His suffering on the Cross.  His suffering was the greatest suffering anyone ever experienced.  He was the Martyr of Martyrs.

I read Corneau’s book “La Guérison du Coeur” and it was great.  He’s a great writer.  He’s intelligent, too, and knew suffering in his life.  I didn’t realize that he had suffered martyrdom like that with his colitis.  It made me think of Peter McLaughlin who had colitis.

15h46
What is the situation, context, etc.?
Can you modify the situation?
A)How can you change it? By what means? And do the means work?  If not can you really modify the situation?
B)If not, then how can you accept it, encounter it, sense it, feel it, assimilate it otherwise? Does it work, is it working for you? If not then how can you encounter, embrace it otherwise?
When you find something that works, make it a habit, that is, integrate it into your routine, your daily habits, that means schedule actual times when you will practise say deep breathing and practise it when you feel fine too to make it easier to remember when you’re stressed.
Then it’s a matter of maintenance.
We have like these armors or armatures in our muscles, in our character, that is, character armors, resistances, but we also have BEHAVIOR MODIFICATION ARMORS, or sort of functional armors, or a rigidified tendency of the nature of our identity as concerns self-development.  We resist healing, getting better.  So we need to develop RECEPTION BEHAVIORS.  Reception behavior is what dissolves the progressive armors.
RECEPTION STRATEGY ARMORS: There is a life problem.  Either we can do something about it or we can’t.  If we can’t, we can adapt to it, acquiesce stoically.  (Stoic impatience is the hunger for the re-establishment of equilibrium).
STRESS CATEGORIES: Physical (muscular tension and other symptoms of stress) and Psychological (Emotional, Perceptual, Motivational, Behavioral, Intellectual, Relational, and Existential).
I was concentrating my energies on motivational symptoms when really my stress problem is linked with behavioral symptoms.  I smoke too much, I’m anxious, I drink too much coffee.  I have antireceptive strategies.  Stressing Strategies, or Stressful Strategies.  I need to open up and receive experience.
I need to accept that I’ll always be stressed.  There will always be a certain level of stress.  But if I see to it, if I circumspect take care of each stressor, I can change the overall STRESS PROFILE.
Tango changed her life.
Do I have power over these events?  Basics of EMPOWERMENT.  How can we categories or conceptualize reception strategies?
Physical, Emotional, Perceptual, Motivational, Behavioral, Intellectual, Relational, and Existential Strategies.  A reception strategy for each event or situation.  SITUATIONAL RECEPTION.  Our reception history is the history of our acquiescences, of our acceptances, acceptations, of what we took.  How much can you take and still keep going?  That’s the story of Stress.  Stress will either kill you or make you stronger.  If you can’t avoid it or fight it, you can adapt to it, circumventing its negative forces, by making them work FOR you.
It’s about taking hold of the power that is your birthright.  Let the light shine down on you.  Let it shine, let it shine, let heaven’s light shine down on you!

18h54

Animal magnetism, Anton Mesmer
Suggestibility
I want to make hypnotic music, what is called Trance music, but not electronica.  I want to make folk-inspired, or soul hypnotic music but for therapeutic purposes.  Musicotherapy with a hypnotic twist.  I will develop a sort of vocabulary of Leitmotifs in the Wagnerian sense, and express suggestions in musical form.  I have studied music for the longest time.  Now it’s time to make something concrete.  I will use my voice, too, with the digital delay effect, and try to get a new sense of the Primal Cry, or mythopoetic Anthem in concrete musical terms that I will invent.
It’s all about artifice, and stylistic figures.  Chromaticisms and quartal movements, leitmotifs and special phraseologies... dream music.  I’ve dreamt it before, in fact these days I’m dreaming more and more music, especially piano music.  The Carnivalesque, that will be my first hypnotic album.  All one piece...
My most recent piano improvisations are hypnotic and excellent, just excellent.
Léthargie, catalepsie et somnambulisme.  Induction de l’état hypnotique.  Des tremblements hystériformes.  Méthode classique: fixation d’un objet brillant et suggestions de sommeil.  “Mens sana in corpore sano”.  “Un long hurlement de bête déchirée.”  Le dédale psycho-affectif.  “Dès lors, pourquoi ne pas profiter de la pédagogie du chant pour remettre en ordre tout le système pneumophonique?”
“Pour reconstruire une voix cohérente et naturelle,”
My freedom from my exiled state will come when I grow clear, clean, healthy lungs and cease my current abuses of coffee and cigarettes, to find the Voice at the Heart of my Being, which will liberate me and open up the pulleys of the forces which will shape a magnificent future.  The voice will pave the way to the Utopic isles.
Perfectionner les harmoniques graves.  Prendre la pleine responsabilité de ma voix et de ma vie intérieur.  “Il semble que, dans la vie intra-utérine, l’enfant acquière tout un mimétisme respiratoire; quand il naît, le rythme de sa respiration est déjà calqué, peu ou prou, sur celui de sa mère et cette mémoire pneumatique paraît le marquer davantage que la voix maternelle.”
“Son premier milieu sonore grouille de rumeurs organiques qui jalonnent la topographie fonctionnelle du corps maternel.”
La stridence de ses premiers cris.
La boule d’énergie souffle-son.
À figer une typologie comportementale (l’énergie-son bloquée à l’étage épaules-cou-mâchoires-colonne dorsale, fixant à ce niveau tout un système de tensions musculaires qui contribueront à sculpter la posture, à dessiner la physionomie et à figer une typologie comportementale.)
Il faut que la force devienne pression!
Le centre de gravité-son est situé trop haut dans le schéma corporel.
Le rôle du son, origine et vecteur de toutes les tensions.
Le travail sur la voix vise précisément à obtenir de lui cette régression dans un statut prélinguistique de communication vibratoire.
Un code de messages phonémiques.
La logomachie.
On retrouve la conception gnostique d’un existant déchu, en exil de l’Être, appelé à réintégrer sa patrie par un retour au centre principiel, au-dedans de lui-même.
Le mot connaissance implique une fusion totale entre l’Homme de Désir et l’objet de son aspiration.
Notre biotope.
Le dodécaphonisme.
En effet, seul un être puissamment motivé par la conscience de ses limites et de ses aspirations peut mener le combat intérieur nécessaire à la mort de son personnage.
Utilisant le mantra yé-yi-you-ya et les arpèges.

Historical Therapy

February 10th, 2007 at 23h02

Introduction

Historical therapy really takes into consideration the historical aspect of man’s development.  That is, it sees the real effect a man’s history has on his later development.  It also takes a look at how an individual constructs his own “history”, that is, how the individual creates a story over time which represents his life experience.  In historical therapy, paranoia is seen as a thought disorder which can only be solved through its own medium, through thinking.  We partly inherited a Reichian view of man as having bioelectrical or bioenergetic charges that need to be released and that take the shape of muscular and character armors, except that we call these charges physio-images.  In our view, physio-images are neither negative nor positive.  They are simply bioelectrical charges kept in the cells of the body from previous experiences.  We call all input into the brain neurotrauma.  That is, all peak events in bioelectricity in the brain are called neurotraumas.  A man’s personal history is stored as the charged up physio-images as a long line of neurotraumas over the course of his life.

Immediately after birth, the child begins contemplating his universe, groping around his biological center towards a greater and greater area or periphery around that center.  This is how the child learns the geo-grammar of his surroundings, that is, the geological grammar of the space that surrounds him, with its sedimentary layers.  The child will develop according to its genetic baggage which we call genosense and the particular history of its infancy.  Soon the child will learn to represent events to itself through self-narration and the beginning of the end has been engaged.  Man can deny where he comes from but he can’t escape the deterministic force of the history of his development.  So we will be looking at the different techniques of our historical therapy and how they are applied to paranoia and schizophrenia.

It is important, firstly, to grasp the true nature of the narrative.  The personality, as we see it, is a historical system.  On top of that, it is a subjective historical system.  The system orders itself, organizes itself around themes that are chosen by the individual.  At the age when a child begins socializing, a main narrative picture is chosen: i.e. I want to be seen as x, y or z.  Peak events are chosen and fitted into the main story.  The personality itself is this subjective historical system that projects itself in narrative form to the Other or to itself, giving meaning to itself.  This has a survival function: To strengthen the social group, to know what X is experiencing, to cut out the possibility of a threat, by means of seeking security.

The personality is a self-reflexive system of representation.  This is what makes it historical.  It is subjective because it self-presents, or presents itself to itself and to the Other.  At a certain age, a choice is made, the choice of autonomy, the choice that makes me an independent geological fragment or plate.  The very nature of the subjective experience is “relatable”.  We seek companionship to be able to tell our stories, our narratives.  But there is such a thing as narrative failure, when everyone is so caught up with their own stories that listening does not take place.  Then the self can become alienated or disillusioned.  A sort of bankruptcy of the personality or subjective historical system takes place.  Social stigma can also cause this disenfranchisement, this slow dehumanization.  This is what we will see in the case of paranoid schizophrenia.

I
Delusions are at one end of the belief spectrum.  At the other end, maybe we have the narratives we read in newspapers.  These are not really in danger of forming indissoluble beliefs.  Delusions, however, are believed with the most profound conviction.  Part of the path of life that the delusional person is marching on is what I call the “crisis of belief”, and delusions are an important part of it.  Of course, one can cross the crisis of belief without having to be delusional or paranoid necessarily.  It just makes it easier to cross the threshold because it perpetuates a kind of doubt about experiences.

At the beginning of the crisis of belief is shyness, insecurity, low self-confidence and self-esteem.  This amounts to being doubtful about one’s place in the world.  Through a long history of battles between doubt and belief or faith, the crisis of belief ends when the individual begins believing in himself.  Belief in oneself is ultimately the real function of belief in the human being, belief in one’s potential and resources, body, mind, and soul.

Dream Genesis

Dream genesis is a technique I developed when I was disturbed by the constant harassment of deeply engrained obsessions of a paranoid nature.  It is based on a theory of the perception of threats and therefore value transgressions.  Basically, a persecution delusion is based on a value that the paranoid individual fears is being transgressed.  An example: I am obsessed with the idea that the man over there has a gun and is going to rob me.  The motive/value/consciousness technique of dream genesis would go like this: What is the motive for this man in robbing me?  If the motive here is material gain, then the value that is being transgressed if he robs me is a sort of material security or the value of material possession.  Then I must take consciousness of this value and return to the object of my delusion: Is that man about to rob me or am I just insecure about my material possessions or afraid that my dignity as a person could be tainted or abused?

The real dream genesis techniques, however, have to do with visualization exercises where values are found in the same way.  We can then work in this form: 1. Imagine a totally absurd action; 2. What makes it absurd?  In other words, what value does the action transgress?; 3. 

Value transgressions usually turn towards absurdity, irony, death, and impossibility.



dream genesis
motive - value - conscience
primary attitude change (objective stance)
double standard method
physio-imaging (discharging bioelectrical charges)
narrative therapy, rewriting your bliss
value transgressions, attitude modification (objective stance)
charged words, concepts (mental objects)
reception strategies
on how you constructed a sense-full narrative
building blocks of your story past meanings
you remember what you’ve narrated
and narrating creates neuro-pathways
we look at how we narrated neurotraumas
what do the people say when you revisit those places? (Creative visualization)
Use your own history to heal yourself, study your history find physio-images, peak events, what makes me narrate these peak events as I am now doing?  Why do we narrate our life stories like this?  What makes us choose certain stories? Certain images?  Because they fit into the story.  So we develop a story early on and choose only what fits into the system.  The history is a system that feeds on itself and regulates its own movements.  So find that early choice, the first choice, the historical choice, the choice that made history.
is the choice the autonomous choice? The choice of autonomy?
the history is a system, it creates orders, it orders experiences, hierarchizes, the system is the subjectivity, the peak events are signs, symbols, icons...
the subjective personality is a history, is a system of representation which is self-reflexive, it doesn’t remember everything, what is ready at hand is what is a peak event in bioelectricity, the traumas, the ecstatic joys, etc.
What are the criteria for choosing to place an event emotional, social, psychological, etc. into the big picture, the big story?  We choose what helps tell the story.  The subjective historical system of narrative personality.
When does the child choose to build a story?  At school with the other children.  I began my narrative in grade two, that my parents were separated, that I was a victim basically, misunderstood, etc.
The choice of stories of self-narrations is made when the child first starts to socialize.  The self-narrative is social.  It is meant for the Other originally.  It is a self-presentation of a history.
What we want is a curative self-presentation, a self-self-presentation, a self-presentation to oneself, not to the Other.  We want to project to ourselves what we’ve been telling everyone for years.
The subjectivity is an organizing principle.  The very nature of the subjective experience is “relatable”.  Experience opens us up to speaking about our experience.  It is open-ended.  I think that the human being seeks innately to know what his fellow human beings are experiencing.  We want to know if it is the same experience on some points.  We don’t want to feel alone.  We need companions.  And the self-presentation of one’s history has a companionship factor to it and in the social group, it has a specific function, has a kind of survival value.  I need to know what X is experiencing to cancel out the possibility of threats and also for reasons of security.  Communication implies the self-presentation of a subjective historical system.
The personality is the axis of self-narration.  It is a history of wins and losses, gains and losses, successes and failures.
It requires a moment of silence with oneself, of deep solitude to realize what one’s own narration is.  Narration is the fluid state of the personality, its extended state, episodic, allegorical, narrative.  It is the zone of sense in the brain, the neocortex with pathways to the limbic system, these tunnels of sense, like lacerations.
The post-historical subject.  This is the subject of post-historical belief.  First we have a history, we interpret events and organize them into narratives for the groups that we belong to, the listening arrays, the empathic manifold... and we built narratives and we believed in them.  Now we have made a cut in the history which is irretrievable.  Now we are in post-history, post-op, post-vécu.  Post-lived, post-experience.  And now we believe in ourselves, in the observer behind the subjective network, the silent or mute witness behind the system of representation which is the subjective historical system.
It’s now time for post-colonial repentance and daily rituals that celebrate life, the ongoing pageant of repentance, social rites of passage.
N-groups, n-families which are informational systems.
Belief in the deep core self, the witness of the structured, informative energy field.
I read a book every three days..
Where do we make the distinction between Cognition, Belief, and Logical Pathology?  Cognitions and beliefs are logical pathologies, as well as fear-narratives, for example.  They are conceptual and linguistic, symbolic, representational physio-images.  Logos-images, or logical images.  Because we know it’s episodic, historical, allegorical.  And it is logos and pathos as well as ethos, like intention for example.
THERE IS A TRUE AND A FALSE HISTORY: The Narrative is the false history, and the True or Real, genuine, authentic history is what is actually going on each minute of every day which is so complex that it cannot be expressed in words, let alone in a very simplified “core story”.  (Cover story).
The core narrative is a false history, is a representation of some events rather than others.  So liberation comes when you begin believing in your true self, in the sheer force of history which is ineffable.  And you start looking back and seeing the convergences between real history and false history, seeing where the narrative was really just covering something up.  For instance, my long victim’s tale was hiding a real or true story of insecurity and fear.  But I told the story like I was the victim of these evil characters like my mother.  So we need to CONVERT the false history into a true history, or I should say a TRUER history because the truest history can never be reached.  We are lacking data.
Lack of information can create a narrative.  The desire to influence and please can create a narrative.  But essentially it is a lack that creates the narrative, a lack of information, lack of security, lack of authenticity, lack of creativity, imagination, strength, confidence, self-esteem, etc.
So we of necessity have concepts of HISTORICAL DIVERGENCE and NARRATIVE CONVERSION.
Positions in narration: Actor, Passive Experiencer, Mediator (go-between)... The Critic and the Actor...
Beliefs are the support of the narrative, because the narrative’s essential property is that it is held to be true with utmost conviction.  It is held as ultimate truth.  Why else would we project it into the social sphere?
Narrative = supporting beliefs = cognitions that are felt to be true, convinced cognitions.
Cognitions are made up of logos-images, they are logos-images in a certain phraseology.  The individual invests in his narrative.  He invests his thoughts, beliefs, and emotional life.  This is what’s at stake.  Everything’s at stake.  You set out on the voyage of life or life voyage with the wrong story and you’re simply fucked!
Hero, Auxillary, and Agressor.  But there are different kinds.  I had Propp’s book all along, with the thirty-two different variations on the narrative.
Narration: F. Narratioon – L. Acc. Narrationem, a tale – L. Narratus, pp. Of narrare, to relate, lit. To make known – L. Narus, gnarus, knowing, acquainted with, GNA = to know.  So narrative is related to knowledge.
STORY: 1. Narrative, account; 2. Report, statement; 3.anecdote; 4. Short story; 5.lie, falsehood; 6: a news article or broadcast = synonyms untruth, tale, canard.
HISTORY: events that form the subject matter of history, an established record, a branch of knowledge that records and explains pas events, or a chronological record of significant events often with an explanation of their causes, see histrionic, deliberately affected, of or relating to actors, acting, or the theater... Histrionics, theatrical performances or deliberate display of emotion for effect.
See Concern, Care, and Fact, Record, Plan, Principle, Knowledge.
The narrative that the child “tells” to his colleagues positions him into a specific “role” in the social group.  So a look at roles in groups will give me the different properties of narratives.
Storytelling is a RITUAL.  It can be complex and is basically a way of satisfying our thirst for structuring time.




IOS = Image of self
FTP = failure-type person
VP = victimized person
SG = success-goals
FG = failure-goals
SM = success-mechanism
GOAF = goal-oriented active feeling
ECPE = Electrochemical physiological experience
ARS = Active regulating system
PE = peak event
DS = directional subtypes
PBS = primordial blank state
 TBS = Total birth state
DCS = Deep core self
ICE = Internalized cocoon experience
ROA = Realm of action
DOF = Domain of feeling
AC = Active feeling
DG = Dream genesis
DM = Directional motility
SC = Safety Core
DIP = Destructive Internal Process
IOW = Image of World

Total Birth State = intense pain/pleasure expression movement, no discernment/judgment, total dependence, a total being

Birth => survival instinct => emotional learning => superego (moral regulation) => talents/capabilities => maturity

(Christian psychology), talents, gifts, 11th commandment, follow your bliss

PBS => DCS => TBS => attachment form => moral ìelevageî raising, steering =>habit structure
Raising/habit formation => contiguous, superego/physiohabit, physical habit structure, microtendencies, endostrategies macrotendencies, exostrategies

Birth is not traumatic, itís ecstatic.

Birth of consciousness = after primary attachment
Pain/pleasure oscillation, vacillation, not pain pleasure but retracting/attracting forward/active + backward (neutral)/passove

Active feeling versus resentment (attached/clinging backward reactive glance/scan path follow-up)

Uterine symbiosis
Primordial blank state (tunnelling/furrowing out of the vaginal canal = ejectionÖ ìfallî external world ìrealm of action vs domain of feeling

BIRTH ECSTASY/Comfort/Fall + Immediate Exposure
1.	Ecstatic peak rising
2.	fall
3.	stasis
4.	depressure decompression
5.	adjustment relaxation uterine foetal fatigue
6.	homeostasis

Feeding ecstasy, discharge ecstasy

Dark tunneling effect, discharge into the world, into-consciousness, the new pain/stress = progression, evolution, new event = adjustment and survival (emotional maintenance)

Emotion = index for precise action (adequacy)

Activity (feeling of freedom of effectiveness w/ respect to changes in the world
Receptivity (Feeling of dependence of being acted upon by things in the world => affectation)

Religious emotion = response, pleasant or unpleasant, to changes in the finite or sensible self-consciousness
Absolute dependence = necessary for religious emotions, feeling is immediate self-consciousness as opposed to objective consciousness, being a representation of oneself (IOS)

IOS / Image of World (IOW)
Emotions are a sort of concern-based impression or perception or construal of the situation (they transcend proportionality)

The Logic of Mental/Conceptual Endoconsistency

May 13th, 2007

Equilibria of tensional and mechanical forces, pressure, tension, compression, etc., traction or tractile/tensile forces in self-stress, internal cellular stress, in equilibrium with the ECM or extracellular matrix.
A targeted self-stress state is hoped for, using mechanical methods of body movement with awareness of movement techniques to decrease self-stress.
High stress decreases erectibility, so just practise slowly raising erectile stress.  There is a mental technique envisageable for erectile dysfunction.
“The system is controlled by virtually changing the bar and cable lengths.  No experimental verification of this approach has been reported.”
The active components are the cables.
Case-based reasoning.
“Also model accuracy may not be sufficient for applications related to active structures.”
Relational database.
Design of the case-base, choice of similarity measurement for case retrieval, selection of the case adaptation methodology, development of case management strategies (activities of a case-based reasoning system)
The distance between current control task and the centroid of each cluster...
Attributes chosen for comparison are nodal displacements and strut positions.
The cell’s form and related metabolism is determined through a dynamic equilibrium of physical forces.
Basement membrane remodelling.
The disorganization of tissue morphology that underlies carcinogenesis may result from the inability to maintain normal systems of force transduction.  (E.g. gradual BM dissolution).
The processes of cell and tissue organization from a structural perspective.
Biological architecture is based upon a coherent, tangible, and constructable system of structural engineering.  This form of architecture is special in that its structural integrity is predominantly dependent on tensile forces.  Positional information and pattern-generating informative forces are inherent to this architectural scheme in the form of structural forces.
The significance of structural analysis lies in the fact that form and associated function are determined through arrangements of component parts rather than by their composition.
Normal tissues undergo continual orderly renewal of their constituent cells and molecules and so it is complexity of pattern that is maintained.  The only constant is change.
Integrity dependent upon tensile forces.  Imagine moral integrity as the same thing, tensions between components tied together with the cables or microfilaments of thought and behavior.
What links behaviors together?  Tensile forces in action syntax.
Tensegrity = comprised of an array of compression-resistant struts that do not physically touch one another but are interconnected by a continuous series of tension elements.  They are independent of gravity because pulled up and open.
The solar system has been described as a natural tensegrity system in which gravitational forces serve as tensile elements interconnecting a discontinuous array of compression-resistant planetary masses.  The atom also must be so described.
Contractile microfilaments who generate tensile forces as well as viscoelastic cytoplasm.
Final cell form is thus dependent on the tension that the structure (cell) generates and the structural rigidity of its anchoring foundation.
BM the physiologic anchoring foundation regulates histodifferentiation (e.g. polarity).
Cell-shape is substratum-dependent.
TENSION AND COMPRESSION AS INFORMATIVE FORCES.
Every position in a complex architectural structure may be defined by the tensions, compressions, moments, and shear forces characteristic of that point in the structural assembly.
Cells may normally alter their shape by deposition of specialized attachment molecules which link surface constituents to neighboring anchoring substrata.
Alterations of cell geometry which are mediated by deposition of BM components may then be translated into biochemical process through associated cytoskeletal changes.
ECM as a multivalent ligand with a distinct periodicity, may cluster surface growth factor receptors or transmembrane molecules which in turn alter intracellular filament nucleation sites and polymerization.
HOWEVER, the specific form and source of information transduced by this system remain unidentified.
Although each individual cell constituent is not in direct contact with every other they would be able to communicate via a continuous system of tension transmission.
Physical force alterations resulting from a localized perturbation would be distributed over all structural elements.
The cell is an open system when viewed in terms of molecules and nutrients continuously passing in and out of it, but it’s a closed architectural system as it is structurally and functionally autonomous.
Nuclear shape changes may let stimulatory substances enter the nucleus by spreading open nuclear pores.
Alterations in nuclear structure may have direct effects on gene expression and replication as chemically-induced swelling of isolated nuclear protein matrices results in release of DNA template restrictions in vivo.
Physical forces = spatial information.  Geometric and tensile forces.
Tensile forces in muscle and bone are transmitted through collagen.
The immune system could actually be a sort of force field, an electromagnetic force field, with tensional elements.  We haven’t yet described how magnetism in the body field can send information in the form of magnetic polarizations and tensile forces or attraction and detraction.  Basic body field magnetism fights off disease at a molecular level because it rejects the virus molecule by molecule.
It is okay to be tensed up, just move to make sure you make alterations in overall tension.  Get on your hands and knees, try different anchor-sites to the earth.  Stand on your head.
Internal cellular mechanical stresses may convey a physical form of positional information.  Hence positional abstractions, the Abstraction of Positionality.

NON-LOCAL, FORMAL, TENSIONAL DISPLACEMENTS:
Mental tone, tone of mind, of the mind.  Like muscle tone, but mental tone.
A tone in music, timbre, textural quality.
Muscle tone comes from repetition.  Tone of the Mind is Character, through repetitious habits.
Discipline as localization.  Delocalization as desacralization of ideas, nonformal, nonritualistic, nonceremonious.  This is secularity.
GOD EXISTS!  He is the tensional force of the beginning of the universe that proliferates tensions through time and space, thereby regulating the very phenotypic shape of our molecular biochemical structures, our DNA.
GOD IS THE IMMOVEABLE MOVER!
Force is the key, mechanical forces control cell proliferation and mitosis.
The cytoskeleton is more than a structural scaffold that generates tension, it also orients much of the biochemical machinery of the cell, including many of the enzymes and subtrates that mediate signal transduction, glycolisis, protein synthesis, RNA processing and DNA metabolism.
Thus, cells use specific transmembrane receptors that mechanically couple the cytoskeleton to extracellular structures – ECM and other cells – to mediate mechanochemical transduction.
Thus, a local force may alter cell behavior by influencing biochemical activities.
The tensegrity structure tells the organelles where to go... following tensional force lines... controlling cell behavior with internal stress.
Although cells may sense mechanical forces transmitted from ECM locally within their focal adhesions, cells integrate these signals with other information relating to the overall structure state of the cell and cytoskeleton before orchestrating a concerted functional response.  TRACTION tells the body what to do.
Integrin receptors or adhesion-sites between cell and ECM act like complex mechanosensor, passing on tensional information and receiving mechanical inputs.
Almost everything in the universe exhibits geodesic forms.  This recurrent pattern is visual evidence of the existence of common rules for self-assembly.  All these entities stabilize themselves in three dimensions in a similar way: by arranging their parts to minimize energy and mass through continuous tension and local compression – that is, through tensegrity or tensional integrity.
Tensile hydrogen-bonding forces.

TENSEGRITY STRUCTURES FUNCTION AS COUPLED HARMONIC OSCILLATORS:
DNA, nuclei, cytoskeletal filaments, membrane ion channels and entire living cells and tissues exhibit characteristic resonant frequencies of vibration.
Our expanding, tensing universe contains huge filaments of gravitationally linked galaxies and isolated black holes that experience immense compression forces locally.
As the universe as a whole moves toward ever-increasing entropy or disorder – disorganization, chaos, randomness, patternlessness, formlessness, and homogeneity – Life is moving in the opposite direction, at least on the local basis towards ever-increasing negentropy or order – organization, form, pattern, and heterogeneity.
Eventually LIFE WILL EAT UP ALL THE UNIVERSE’S ENERGY, in AN INFINITY OF LARGE INFINITELY COMPLEX LIFE-FORMS and Life will die.  Not a BIOCAUST, but a spatiophagus.  Or heat death, total tepidness.
Put an end to coercive social stressors like rape, murder, and taxation.  Increase noncoercive social stressors like contractual agreements, friendship, financial loans, purchase contracts, etc.
Cellular life is actually digital, sending mechanical signals, like a tickertape machine or Morse Code or telegraphy.  Also the phonograph is mechanical.  Mechanical reproduction = i.e. that’s what cells do.

May 14th, 2007 / 4h26

Anatomy of body in movement, basic functions, reflexes, instinctual patterns, fixed action patterns (FAC).
Scriptural Dynamics, the graphomotor function, bio-images & geo-images
“What is, is.  What it is, is, too.  It functions, works with everything.”
8h56 – There are components to concepts, to thoughts.  These components are held together by endoconsistency.  Let’s take an example of a thought: “I am tired.”  It is an object, an existential connective, and an adjective.  It has self-reference too.  All thoughts are references, equivalences, neuroassociations.
Grammar and syntax are the conceptoskeleton.
The mechanics of thought.  Thought versus movement.  Physically salient stimuli cause an increase in dopamine, or a dopamine release.  That exists so that we continue to behave in that way.  It causes us to repeat certain actions.  Because salience is important to survival.
I’m thinking about the granulosity of forces.  The texture of forces.  Forces are interesting because they can be explained in terms of theoretical physics.
13h09 – The Awakened Ear, which turns mechanical forces into musical notes.
15h05 – Charm is a localized ambiguity of light.  It’s true.
Emotional processing, resolving conflict, accommodating cultural beliefs, and putting oneself in someone else’s shoes = all these have to do with the train dilemma, where you choose to kill one person instead of five by flipping a switch.  Hence these things have to do with ideas of the Common Good. (Medial frontal cortex is involved in moral and personal dilemmas).
Social Choice Theory examines the relationship between individual will and collective decisions.  It focuses on preference aggregation and its implications for political/institutional engineering.  Concepts of equity and majority rule.
x R y = x is at least as good as y
x P y = x is strictly preferred to y
x I y = x is indifferent to y
Condorcet’s Paradox : Is majority rule optimal?
The Greatest Happiness Principle = J.S. Mill
Utility does not dictate what is right or wrong.
The Utiliarian Personality Disorder = poor social cognition, reads things into other people’s intentions, erroneous things, and believes that they know what is good for everyone else.  They are dictatorial.  The are hedonists, and have a substance abuse disorder, seeking immediate, intense pleasures at the expense of other things like personal integrity and true satiation.  We just have to prove that these people are depressed, by checking their sleep patterns and their appetite.  Do UPDs experience real happiness or just ephemeral, transient pleasures?  Is the greater good really something to hope for?  Do UPDs hope and believe in will?  We may be dealing with an entirely different kind of intelligence, the Utilitarian logical intelligence, which is a kind of virus affecting the brain of millions.

Notes on Konrad Lorenz

January 20th, 2007 / 17h03

Instinctual action-schemes are provoked by key stimuli in the environment, that is, excitations whose causes we apprehend as some object or pole out there
The variations in these key objects to which we respond are limited, whereas the variations in objects to which we are provoked into learning behavior are usually the most complex possible to ensure survival, so that death is the least probable
We are built not to respond with instinct to artifical replacements of the real key object to therefore secure survival in most cases, i.e. an object moving towards me quickly and violently makes me fear it and move away, and I will never ever in a hundred years mistake a violent, rapid movement for a slow, drowsy one, because this distinction is necessary to preserve my life
I believe that the loss of an object is a key excitation leading to the instinctual process of grieving, which can be complicated by learning schedules that we force onto the automatic process of grief (this is however a hypothesis)
We automatically react to the sudden removal of a stimulus, it smells of strangeness
We also react to strangeness in an automatic way
Before undertaking experimentation with said animal, one needs to have a very deep understanding of its system of instincts and behaviors.
A frightened animal doesn’t act like a non-frightened animal, just like a synthetically starved animal doesn’t act like one that isn’t.  Beware your own acts of experimentation.  They change the results.  Maybe the animal is only acting a certain way because you’re there.
Often the best descriptions of behavior come from chance happenings in the always-ersatz environment.  I don’t think that we can observe animals in the whole nakedness of their interaction with their companions and their environment.
There are learned behaviors and innate reflexes or instincts, and we alternate naturally from one to the other
We can learn to use an instinct in a new and creative way
There is a difference between a process of maturation and learned, ‘acquired’ behaviors.  We can see our entire lives as being made of a process of learning, a continuous scale or gradation of learning-experiences, but only part of our lifelong ‘serial learning act’ is called maturation.  This is an inference.
Experience doesn’t change instinctual behavior, or innate behavior.  Instinctual behavior, also, is performed in the absence of insight in the individual.
I posit the existence of both instinctual, neurotic behavior and learned, ‘pathological’ neurotic behavior.  Think about this carefully.  What happens when you read the DSM-IV?  You think you have all these mental illnesses.  I believe this is because some neurotic behaviors are innate.  So some individuals can be neurotic and not pathologically so.
Instinctual behavior CANNOT be forgotten.  You can stray from it, but you’ll always have it in you.  You can’t forget the reflexes.  In other words, only learned or ‘acquired’ behaviors can be forgotten.
So how would Konrad Lorenz explain the atrophying of the sense of smell in humans?  Smelling certain smells must be innate, instinctual, like the scentless molecules of the pheremones of the other sex.  Can this be unlearned?  Can I forget the smell of mommy? of spaghetti? or burnt toast?
We have different kinds of companions in life.  This is a new concept for me, the companion, a member of the same species, or maybe another species, who takes part in some of the same activities as you.  My father is a parent-companion, but he’s also a learning-companion, a sort of “compagnon de croissance”.  Sophie Bilodeau is my social worker, she’s also a “compagnon de croissance” but she’s also a director-companion, a kind of facilitator- or teacher-companion.
How does all this coincide with my theories of neurotrauma and man’s emptiness?
All excitations are neurotrauma.  So neurotrauma has an object which we perceive as the cause of the excitation.  The object is a sign.  Some neurotrauma gives rise to instinctual behavior, some to learned, acquired, creative, or intelligent behavior.  Are you following me, here?  So we have to find a kind of classification of signs or causal objects, in terms of physio-images and neurotrauma.  Ecstasy is the product of a causal object which has certain characteristics.  Basic nondescript peak events have causal objects or signs with different characteristics.  “Ecstatic objects” we`ll call them, or “Ecstatic signs” lead to ecstasy, but the signs and the ecstasy itself lead to innate and acquired behaviors.  In which case does the Ecstatic sign lead to acquired behaviors and in which case does it lead to innate behavior?  This is genius stuff.
“Letting go” or basic detachment or disinterestedness is an acquired behavior, I think.  Virtuous behavior is learned.  If man is in essence and in his action-potential intrinsically a FAILURE, then all his actions are victories.  All actions are kinds of victories because they have objectives and we come to a finality.  All actions are finalities, for they have ends.  Action itself is self-finalizing.  The imagination is the inventor of finalities which the motor networks finalize.
The innate scheme of the parent-companion.  L’enfant est sensibilisé aux signes.  The individual can be sensitized to the key signs, the key objects, and these can be “corporeal signal organs”, like the breast to the child, or maybe it is the smell of the breast, or the breath, or some other “organ sign” or stimulus-sign, “causal excitation object”.  The organ sign or object is “read” by the infant and gives rise to the sucking reflex, or instinct.
There are, then, spiritual or “voluptuous” ecstatic Organs which are Mystical truths, or Mysterious verities.  Substantial parts of eternity can be “read” by the individual in the same way that the baby “reads” the organ sign of the breast, the protuberance-like objects, which can be a finger.  So voluptuous signs or organ signs can be artificial, like the voluptuous, ecstatic signs of cocaine feelings.
Certain key truths pass through the learning mind as coffee seeping through a filter, a sort of percolation of spiritual – “substantial”, “corporeal”, i.e. the Body of Christ – truths, or understandings.  I have just come up with, I think, a theological ethology.  An ethology of the theological subject.  The spiritual self or individual.
Konrad Lorenz is crying in his tomb, at my falsification of his real, honest work.
Neurotraumatic signal-objects can be anything.  But a sequence of given neurotraumatic signal-objects leads one through the Crisis of Belief.  We believe it when we see it, so I believe in myself when I see certain signs of my authenticity or genuinness.  But I need to see it to believe it, so there are belief-signs in our environment, signs that lead to doubt, that are doubtful, and ones that are “faithful”.
I think that the sequence of behaviors and states called the Crisis of Belief is innate.  One MUST go through the crisis of belief.  One’s purpose on earth is to go through the crisis of belief, to know and feel the body of Christ, to carry the cross, the “Five Shillings”.
There exists the possibility of “artificial” signs, or poseurs.  The poet is the chronicler of the experience of mystical truths.  He is the “companion” or life companion par excellence..  The poet exposes the genuine ecstatic objects or voluptuous organs, distinguishing them carefully and meticulously from the artificial signs.
Doubtful objects (the “untrue”) make us learn new skills whereas true objects, what we believe as true, elicit instinct-schemes.  Belief is the key to action.  We believe x and act accordingly and when it is doubtful, we create new responses.  Truth is presence.  Doubt or the “untrue” or artificial, key object-sign, is a void or lack.
“Coupling” is the ecstatic response.
A change in light, in some birds, elicits the “groping” sequence of behaviors.  The bird and its parent-companion form a “formalité ennuyeuse”.  The “groping” instinct needs a sign, all actioons need signs, objects, organ signs or key stimuli.
What does this say about memory, about physio-images stored as bioelectrical charges?  Do we need an objective sign to store an image instinctually?  What regulates the instinct of creating mental images, goal-images, and then physically realizing them?  What is the sign that elicits this response?  Is it an internal sign, like hunger or thirst?  Do internal signs exist, needs, that is?  What differentiations can we make of external objects?  What groups do they come in?  We have companions, this much is certain.  The poet is the companion par excellence that feeds the soul.  Resistance is another external sign.  Reinforcement is another.  So experience is composed of resistances and reinforcements.  But what kinds of reinforcements are there?  I need Skinner to answer this.
In a sense, I am an armchair philosopher.  I haven’t studied birds like Lorenz or rats and pigeons like Skinner.  They spent years, decades, meticulously spying on these animals and jotting down chance illuminations.  I lay on my bed and read Lorenz like it was a novel, and on top of that I steal and pillage all of his good ideas.
I should write a book called “The Pillage of Lorenz”, a poem of sorts, yes, I ought to do just that.

Table 1. Commonly reported themes of clinical delusions
Theme Example
Defined by DSM
Persecutory “My food is being poisoned by the police”
Grandiose “I have the power to heal all illnesses”
Jealous (Othello syndrome) “My partner is cheating on me”.
Erotomanic (De Clerambault’s syndrome) “A famous pop star secretly signals her love to me over the radio”
Somatic (e.g. delusional parasitosis/Ekbom’s syndrome) “I am infected by tiny parasites”
Bizarre “My mother’s thoughts are being carried on raindrops that fall on the air conditioner”
Misidentification
Capgras syndrome “My relatives have been replaced by identical looking impostors”
Fregoli syndrome “The same person is disguising himself as others”
Reduplicative paramnesia “My present location exists in two places simultaneously”
Mirrored self-misidentification “The reflection in the mirror is another person”
Other
Thought insertion/withdrawal “Thoughts are being inserted into/withdrawn from my mind”
External control “My mind/body is being controlled by an external agent”
Guilt “I am responsible for the AIDS epidemic”
Religious “I am the reincarnation of Solomon”
Cotard delusion “I am dead/do not exist,” or “My body is decaying”
Lycanthropy “I am/have transformed into an animal”

My delusions were of the persecutory type, the grandiose type, the jealous type, the somatic type, the bizarre type, the Fregoli syndrome, reduplicative paramnesia, thought withdrawal, guilt, religious, and the Cotard delusion, as well as lycanthropy delusional types.
