MENTIONS OF BEPUZZLION IN CORPUS:

13:18 2016-07-02

###

HUMAN BODY DEFORMED, p.3

I
Deconstructivist hyper-realism of the arteries…

Gramophone bepuzzlion.  All everywhichway about the centre of a sphere.  Dazzling Core Utopia.  Enigmatic Record-player.  The voices in my mind’s ear.  The degradation of the mind over time.  Surrealist flow of blood in the body, the holy sacramental body that talks wonders.

I hear my blood rushing through my arterial city map.  The phrase non serviam: I will not serve.  I will not serve my blood?  It’s the circulatory system.  A walk in the park; fibrous trees, bilious green.  Inside-out, everywhichperson, everywhichpersonalityfragrance.

Listening to a Beethoven record.  I can hear the heart beating, pulsing rhythmically, pumping blood to my extremities.  Smoking my last forever cigarette, grey-ink chapters of smoke puffing into the air intricately woven of dust particles, floating in infinite whirls.
	
HUMAN BODY DEFORMED, p.40

All thoughts follow the same neural network like reality images are made of the same interstellar paint and positioning.  Arteries self-repeating on the mapwork of the stars.  It’s part of the deconstructivist nature of reality listeners: the poet/philosopher who decrypts the formulae of ethereal madness, sadness, and cries whimpering in the back of my mind with the million voices of my sitar—

What I mean is that the physical characteristics of reality are self-repeating over distant bodies and minds and realities, realities meandering like a ravine canyonbottomlow, feverish and listening to the jive of the cosmos squirming up a song like a rattlesnake sings a tailsong of death—

Deconstruction: taking apart the enigma, downloading data from the mainline unconscious computer of physical reality fragments, the bepuzzlions bedazzling.  And you are a hyper-realist when your only law is to break the mathematical problem of the universe—

###

THE VENICE OF THE CITY PART II, p.18

Cities covered in buildings covered in grime.  Cigarette fumes out from piss-yellow teeth, making the grim smile of curtains closing, metallic and mechanical jaws a-chomp; the dim rose of bepuzzlionic Death, Venice City, calamitous in barbarity, asphyxiated into ostracism by bloodthirsty boars.  I’ve sat here, seriously, since Christmas, trying to ceremoniously detach myself from the restraint of having two brains, each brain with a droplet of the infinite sadness, tincture, one is bleeding and the other is in-needing, the brother wants to talk while I need to wait and sit and talk it straight without his self before me.

###

THE MINOTAUR, p.15-16

Yes, sometimes the next action in the just progression of the chess-game is an absurdity, a negation of your primal purpose.  Why is that?  Is it so that we may be like nature, that we may be still like the surface of a lake yet keep that dreadful thunderbolt when it is needed?  Trust me, it is needed.  ‘Tis better to confound an opponent with slurred speech and meaningless gibbering than to slit his or her throat.  Surely by death, you bring them nothing but death; by the gleaming nonsensical utterance, you somehow bring them unfathomable Graces.  Truth, the Question.  I am the positively charged ionic participle.  I am the bedazzled bepuzzlionic man.  The Now-man, the Truth-seeker.  Absurd—I’m nautical!—and remotely beautiful.

Ah, but beauty, yes, that burden on the human heart.  Dostoevsky pronounced it the battleground for Satan and Our Beloved Father God.  It is true, I’ve seen it played; I sat and watched a cat’s whiskers move with the scent of cat urine on the outside of the house pissed by an unknown cat, a blessed or evil cat, no cares, the wiles of my feline princess are so that this streamlet of fragrance emanating from the great outdoors is one worth concentration, and one which presses close attention.  Might be dangerous, no fear.
	
###

VAPORS ABYSMS I, p.7

Beginning a Story.  The man who tells it, the man from the mirror.  The Reflection’s Tale.  We are Experience: Taralah, our name.  Spoken soft, the pyramid is 5.  More than a catacomb or labyrinth.  Even more than the Vatican library, or Alexandria’s.  I’m fluxed out of my head.  Flushed, perhaps.  Naked rambling, from the verb of the ideogram: I am Else-law, mother of the Once-flawed, the Race of the Once-Fluxogram Bepuzzlion.  He denigrated in an other war.  First this, then that.  Now is all thirds five notion.

VAPORS ABYSMS I, p.14

III
Surely, the Exhibition began with an essay that well stipulated what was coming next.  It told the story of the 16 novellas pure and simple.  This is the inward extrapolation continued.  At this point, it doesn’t matter how many novellas are written: the fact that it is being written justifies its existence, makes it concrete, pragmatical.  And yet the story doesn’t get heard.  There’s a point to that.  This is a puzzle.

To begin the story, we need to be in the Abysms, the cavernous depths, so that we may project the film which is the story.  We begin as Vapors.  We rise to the moment of disposition for the projection, we Dive Down into the depths, get sucked into the vacuum.  Between the two moments of Vapors and then Abysms, we have Atmospherics, Interference, Noise.  We have the crave of flavor in hysteric sheets tugging mad cringing terror crux-shout in the ear’s whisper as a flame dry arachnid taste the static flash in mid-brain silence, tug on ropes on jars, the beauty is broken, you are a bilious vomit existing in torn etiquette, egos bursting, bubbling, the ancient waters overthrown, blown, roomed into cubicles, martyrdom solemnity crass angel aftermath in bepuzzlionic rage.  Haste to find belittlement in drugs for far plenty the average intaker.

###

VAPORS ABYSMS II, p.8

I
THE PHONOGRAPH:
Gramophone Bepuzzlion:

Staccato notes in the divertimento.  Picasso’s brain alive on the canvas rampage.  These are the bloodied fists of avarice, the frozen moments yearning to remove themselves from able-bodied existence.  Puzzlers down and out feeding on second-hand meals at the YMCA.  Feeding swollen stomachs.

On a search for water, for grass to lay in, hay, anything so divine as it were from nature that we could inhabit.  Trace the needle on the grooves, the thinlets thinletting crisp.  Chi, is it?  What formula are you using?  Code the central numbers, punch them in with the IBU comodifyer.  Pulse bus 201 through channel 5 in the b-monitor.  Request for a passcard, urgently.

It’s not that simple.  One second you’re in Russia in the 1800’s, your a farm-town boy growing up next to grandfather grey beard Tolstoy or Dostoevsky in a revolution.  Bakunin.  All the beardsmen.  But the next second you’re in La La Land, the clockwork and mirrors, levers, mechanics, musical sounds, and tin.  You have the material, the old textures, crinkling pages of time forgotten on the shelves, old books Marx or Engels.  Then you have the practical part, the gears, the clockwork, action, free will investing, investigating its own freedom unspoiled by the rotten genitalia of bourgeois state economics.  And it is in the moment bipolar, 1800 book shelf old house textural time forgotten pages + 2001 duplex computers animals laws of mathematics, of physics, of the linguistic moment.  Irony can trail a centimeter away or 10 minutes away easily.  You JUST realized what this was originally about.

You have just stepped into the mine.  You travel downwards on an elevator.  Deep into the gorge, heading to work where we found an ancient temple.  Temple of sacrifice.  Early Cro-Magnon man had a series of paths in the mountains that formed a labyrinth and we found the central room where the king of the time was buried.  We aren’t sure if he was king, he may have been an albino or a Jew.  The importance is that we found this room called Minos.  Underneath it was Daedalus’ chamber, a small room filled with inventions from cave-man.  It appears that they had intimate knowledge of lasers and electronics.  They definitely had torture tools.

I realize that this sort of narrative is pretentious and fake.  I was mixing up facts with figments of my imagination.  I messed up a lot and feel no need to go on.  In such ways I am a bepuzzlion, a bepuzzled unit, an icon, puzzly Isis & Osiris, plague, pestilence, abstractions.  It levels out by way of the floodgate.
I let out a Graecismus as an attestation of myself being erudite.  Schematizein.  More rooms to investigate, more time needed to reprimand the host for hiding the goods.  Filched goods, the audacity of some of these folks here in North Americ, up Northernly by the wayside of Montreal, Quebec.

###

THE PROJECTIONIST III, p.22

Myrmidons Revisited:	

Frames on sidewise planks, projected.  Wooden immaculate.  Whistles until autumn leaves, talking to Hooray; rancid flight of ideas in the Swiss mind-army bank.  The Hidden Paysage, Storms of ruin, the swellsers ride in the sellsboat.  Shapebot, trails of the vacuum heart, winged wax beetle.  Catatonic melancholia, we have the entire Cycle.  The bus to exodus.

The beginning of the beginning, Mars Screen Legion, visiting the neural bed of waking minutia etudes.  All was seen until now through the eye of the projector/projectionist.  All is narrative, is short story telling as a fine art.  Poetry blends the seams into a seemly ‘splay.

These ploys become more evident with Deconstructivist hyper-realism of the arteries, with Forgetfulness is Immortality, with questions asked a neo-sycophant.  Absurdity in D-minor with tolling bells, Materialistic human participant particles.  Interlude in B-minor.  By the time we reach the March of The Incommunicable, we have spun through the Cycle a hundred times or more.  

And that sets the stage for our Baron and his blacksmith heart.  Caves amaze me in distant places.  Infra-cocoon, the Promontory: Gramophone Bepuzzlion.  This is the Baron, the Prison Guard, the Minotaur Revisited.  The Mount of Mounts is an anthill being constructed.  People walk empty streets late a-night.

BROKEN TYPEWRITER:

Suffering in the night of nights, the harbor, at the quay, martyred in innocent flesh.

Interlude on the mechanics of silence.  The Projectionist is a wheel, Projector included, a wheel of being, chain of being, of flesh, of walking myrmidons down the flight of steps in a futurist tango.  Kettle drums beat the heart of a people lost bittery.  Petals streak across the screen.

AESTHETICS OF A NEW SCIENCE:
Noise is better  without two feet to dance with.  Enter the trance and feed off the tubes.
Casting words to the pond of repose.  Petulant leaves rippled with pretentious alacrity.  Aftermath of flesh, meal of afterkiss.  Suffer not the angels their unto you to comfort.  Suffer not them is all.
	
###

VORTEX I, p.27

Illegitimacy, cowardice, the plane broken into three resonant frequencies—
Fall of a martyr in the dust of a vortex dusky showering heavenward crumbling—
a sidereal caption of a message from a tower where the night coalesces, wintry

pageant of irreputable madness, sheriff of a cogitated gruffness,
we side-glance the Hero of a frozen frost, the children of meekdom,
mine’s the latter of a cause of great temptation-arousing,
but the real cause is a mixed intermission of positive flux
so that the movement ends in a half-whisper,
a whisper that is a shout that ends well
with a minimum of subdivision in the cause
squared circles ago squandered belly-up rattle.

We sold a grim truth to nowhere
and saw a shadow bepuzzlionized.

Walking in the muddle of a marksman shop
driving by on a Saturday night to pick up a gun rack;
we illegitimize the sorry havens where the marksman shacks,
we droop in our notions of truth and see sea-swirls sop.

###

VORTEX III, p.14

XIV Gramophone Bepuzzlion:

Another labyrinth.  Labyrinth of sound, of motion.  Labyrinth of text, prose, music.  You are the Gramophone Bepuzzlion, you suffer from bepuzzlionitis, you are bepuzzed, bepuzzled, grim Gramophone, object from the past, historical materialist text-based figure walking the streets at night, gramophone bequeathed, beseech the criminal sanctuary for the ropes and tethers of Ravensdale, Gramophone, the object, sciences of phenomenology, of the ontological crisis at hand, the forwarding of time, the strange commotion in the sun, upheaval in the city streets at rush hour, the sour grimaces, the Bepuzzlement.

VORTEX III, p.22-23

INTERLUDE [ENTR’ACTE, INTERMISSION]: This is where we take a small break from the action of the disintegrating book.  We take a few moments to catch our breaths, a few moments to stand up from our seats and question what we have been watching.  A time of doubt for the Exhibition in Tonal Cinema.  What was it, anyway?  How did it communicate to me, what was its purpose?

In the preliminary remarks of an art history text, art history must be drawn out, portrayed in all its vibrant lucidity, all its technique and technology.  But closer to our goal is a small section of art history known as film theory, and we can actually get away with simply saying the words ‘film theory’ because by now my audience should know what Tonal Cinema is, and it IS a sort of phenomenological theory of film.

The intangible OFFICE where text is galvanized instead of stultified, an	ASSEMBLY where judgements are made on books.  These places are allegorical islands, horizons of the imaginary.  But let’s not be mistaken, for allegorical matter, though imaginary, is very much real; imagination is very much a reality.  The imaginary piece of music, then, is as real as art history, as real as words are on a page.  Many philosophers jump the gun on the reality issue.  Some philosophers like to believe that nothing truly exists, that it is all an illusion.  These thinkers are overly cynical.  Others treat everything as real; something is real as soon as it has the slightest movement on the physical or spiritual planes.  The philosopher in between these two others, is the one needed for literary endeavors because literature, text, is in between the two extremes of existence and non-existence.

CARRIAGE CARAVAN CHARIOT COACH: this is where all the action takes place.  This is the brown-paper book of short stories by Gogol or Dostoevsky [did he write short stories?].  It teaches the literature of the world in paperback.  The point of these—what Deleuze would call conceptual personae—is that they enunciate a shape or figure by which the text under these headings coagulates according to the basket [shape] they are placed in [under].  The idea is not original, it is only stated in a new way.

GRAMOPHONE BEPUZZLION: this is the seeker of truth in this age of mystical nonsense.  The night fills our ears with nocturnal music.  Nonsense is only a plethora of verbal activities turning to the poetico-philosophical.  
PROJECTOR/PROJECTIONIST is the wheel in motion of verbosity coagulating like sour milk, but the projector/projectionist is master of the games of light and is overcast by the BARON NAPOLEONIC NIGHT.  

These are the steps of my musical scale.  I wrote them over sixteen novellas.  It was a Design that came to me in dreams and in subjective glimpses I’ve had of reality, sometimes warped by my strange unwise senses.  I say unwise because the senses in my case are always open, leading me slightly astray into illusion, but my many roots to pure theory conduct me to the purely formal, and in forms I can do anything.  I can build a castle, a cathedral of nightmares, of ecstatic joys.  I can climb mountains in filmic events, in my own phantasmagorian spectra of amusement in poesis.

Phenomenology is a sort of description of experience.  Its method is one compressed to the strategic analysis of the processes of the mind so present in our consciousness, introspective intuitions, pure phenomena of spirit even before the causality of objects comes into the picture.

In a way, we have a spectral presentation.  A video of sorts.  Stampede in C is our choir invisible.  It’s our song.  We called it tonal cinema because a)the thrownness makes us a perennial cascade down the mountainside, a film in tonal madness, relating to tones in a scale, a musical scale, and b) a cinema because of the concatenation of the prose itself.  

An imaginary piece only fortifies the mind, makes it have an implicit need to complete itself, to forward through dialectical movement; time is there for us to deliver the message.  We do it in codes, in social codes, ethical codes, value codes à la Marx.  He was a formulator.  There have been many formulators, many John Stuart Mills.  I reckon them to be logicians such as a Husserl, a mathematician, a Hilbert.  I can look at the nineteenth century, the turn of the twentieth.  I see a lot of movement on the planes of economics, philosophy.  That’s if we are to believe in planes.  What are planes?  In art, Deleuze says, there is a plane of composition.  A plane of reference in science.  A plane of immanence in philosophy.  What do I believe?  I feel that planes are the terrain in which concepts react with one another.  Concepts are created and bounce off each other as though they were men jumping on springboards.  In fact, man is involved exponentially.  We form a lexicon of images and concepts by constantly conceptualizing.  We eventually end up with a Critique in the strict sense, a bifurcating problematic of incipient business.  It’s hard to translate it at this point because we might still have a musical text.  If read aloud, this prose can have a certain rhythm to it, fanfares in the ink spilled on the page, grey smoke-swirls around the edges.  Husserl was a madman, or rather it was Mill who was severely depressed in his early twenties, Husserl was just a Buddhist monk in Western World clothes.  Mill, in his ‘System of Logic’ (1843), said “Logic has often been called the Art of Reasoning.  It’s interesting what you can learn about logic.  Particulars, Singulars, Universals.  But you can learn much more by what the writer chooses as his or her examples.  “All men are mortal” can easily be disguised as “Many cars are noisy”, meaning that we could reinterpret the iconology of logic and make it a newer science.  I think the city needs to slip into logic and mathematics, though I suspect it has already invaded mathematics, men and women with their eclectic systems, what they can make do with a simple symbolic system, all the figures that can be constructed.  It’s incredible.  The human mind has no end.  In this I am a Romanticist at heart.  I believe in reiteration.  I believe in silence too.

In other words, we require a documentary.  I think I would call it ‘Vortex’.  That name suits what I am thinking of writing.  I’d love to just sit down one of these nights and write for 8 hours.  I miss writing for long periods of time, getting into the grit and grind of it all.  Complex phrases.  Take a look-see…

###

SAX ME THIS, p.4-5

III
Ebullience:

It’s simple, you’ll have some sort of verbal gymnastics display, that will be called the jazz improv or perhaps the Abstract Rule-book, maybe some fables, modern fables, tales, myths; he is skilled in oratory and rhetoric, some say; we think he might be a little off-balance, but he looks a sick happy with his crooked bangs so we let him slide as a character.  We also have a designation for omitted characters, symbols, passages, maybe not omission, perhaps simply non-existent anti-constituents that didn’t even manifest themselves because they have no existence of any form; maybe it reeks of existentialism and makes you saunter with a jubilant airiness.  It triggers a certain meritorious instrumentation to dig it like this.

Through an invisible Invocation, we travelled the first steps to the boundary, the threshold of this region, we are entering the quest, forgive me for my generalization, such is the way of the aggregate.  Decision-maker went out to flip through folders in the back, he’s at his desk with a million paper tornadoes, he drives the stake firmly into the Gnosis-ground.  The journey is a city, what can I say, the city is a self-propagating schema; we have stepped into the ancient Catacombs of the stony path; I am the Viscount in banshee clang sending lucent rivulets of the lyrical cornucopia into the midst of a physical plane wrenched with bedazzlepuzzlions, grey awakening, the fulgent rumination; dynamos of self-diagnosis wroth with glaring pupils; not yet, we have just reached the playground, let us bury our safety pins.

Floating over, across the natural catalyst of my furious inspiration; they say that deep at the pit’s unfathomable depth, any identity is possible.  This began in the Abyss, now it is entering into the manifest, choosing its conformation.  I always said that art created itself.  There is a civilisation afire, always raging thunderous with activity in all directions, blasting cyclones of twisted cacophony into its environs; O illustrious profanity, what’s our political dessert if this is the final course?  Did I add an S?  A desert, then?  Wait a moment, we haven’t had anything to eat for 133 years, no, longer, 241 years, what is it now?  We are loud and submissive, extinguish the fire at age -1 and then live in ashes for your cracked figment of an eternity, your maze of tangled sadness, muscle and mirth, eh, all a composite freak-show of malaise in existence?  Well, what do you know, Professor found something years back.  We aren’t really sure if he announced it in public, the deal is, we aren’t supposed to commit ourselves to any one possibility.  The Professor, in fact, did find something in Crete, more than one Thing, he came back both dead and alive, rowing his boat he said, and he began preparing his material for publication and for lectures at Corn U. in Opium, Las Evangelist where he began the Macabre Opera disguised as discourses on a cross-scope of beneficial topics for the betterment of scientific thought.  That’s not absolutely true either.  All thought expressed that thought cannot be expressed.  The man is auto-didactic for the most part, is still taking courses, but at some point on his voyage to Crete he says he had to let it all go, it was as though there literally were a stage and he was playing a saxophone solo with all melodies existing at once flowing out of his telescope into the primordial song, the Rill of Heaven, “…an angelic utterance so crystal perfect it vibrates through your soul, resounding through all physical matter, penetrating deep into your own Terra Firma…” of course it wasn’t the same after that, he was led into domains of the spirit that taint you horribly; he opened all doors and felt the Prism Draft cutting through him like a razor blade, supernaturally focused, a Beaming Breath sucked through him omni-existentially back into the Spiritual Vacuum.  Some of it is even beyond explanation itself.  We approximate that Professor P. discovered the ‘Death-Text’, and we are all using every last trick of analysis that we can use collectively, the subject is our beloved Professor coming back from a Voyage in Crete, perfectly sober and straight and even comical, yet with such a ‘mysticity’ we began calling it, it was intolerable for some, others laughed with him long hours in neighborhood cafés; “Professor, tell us about the Book of Fevers and Plagues.”

SAX ME THIS, p.15

We discover the rootlet of inwardness when we tug on the Urge motif.  Seek the reason behind your movement, the reason behind all movement.  There is no reason why it all moves, but each movement, if actually existent, has a force acting to perpetuate the movement, forces hindering its infinite unrolling.  The Flower is revealing itself petal by petal; ah, a flower off in a Mexican wasteland.  Heat, dryness, the moth-eaten words of Death speaking through randomization of events.  Broken words, tracts extending into the periphery of wiseness, drab afterthoughts creating a perplex ideological circuitry, continuity, sagesse, lethargy in your degraded actuality; communion with interspersed data-puzzlions.

###

lettertosheri01.doc, p.1

the bus is a commotion—a shroud—darkness deciphers the true meaning of ‘I’ for me—or ‘me’ for I—and this inky diamond spade of non-day runic bedazzlepuzzlions—

###

UNCOVERING THE UNGUN PART II, p.41

have they forgotten all the murderous barbarian killing or is the world that dumb?—don’t answer that i’m afraid of knowing how dull the mind of The World really is and what a beautiful world it can be in Times Like These the times when i walk in nature and discover rabbits bouncing amongst the trees and butterflies—but then handgun MANGUN walks up and tears the reality picture with his dirty claws of steel—he breaks the dream, burns the puzzle of the ages—“heehaw,” laughs a bitch—subtlety is the key to rich and profound humor—anger is danger without the Dee—near dog reads a gnat to red great gash and drank Danes when German ran radical—typing skeletals which never cease becoming a habit of writing all my thoughts so that my kids can read them when they are older or born for that matter—i love to write beautifully, it makes me feel grand, an artist, and in constant glee—creation is the gift of God when we were made in his image—we were lonely and the time came to do it in the park but afterwards she regretted it and it made me cry—what bedazzled puzzlion would wreck the life of one fine chap, one young man ready to face the world?—i wish i hadn’t started singing—
which witch bitch did you secure the gum to?—and what a night it is with swirling miasmic straits afloat in air drifts in the door and wafts out the window blowing smoke circles off to infinity—humor won’t help you piss someone in the face—numb & dumb—oval glass fruit—shaping the time of dusk with sharp eyes—we are of the same race, why all this animosity?  i never meant to harm.  they were just words like the 31 000 words before these ones—life’s a bitch, now do you get the heehaw joke?—
now we uncover the ungun: no—the time isn’t right?  or is ‘no’ the answer?—the ungun is an instrument that saves lives, that heals, that brings man and nature together and it cannot be uncovered, it is infinitely hidden in the bare woods of Naked Time, of Glowing Mother Earth—truth is behind every door and every door is just around the corner all you have to do is look, open it with your eyes, with your senses all five of them reaching out to unlock the unfinished symphony—

UNCOVERING THE UNGUN PART II, p.47

dame or no-dame, i damns got to be getsin some charagamoo!!!!!—
like two drunken nuggets of gold fighting heavyweight championships—wow, ten pounds, what’s that in ounces?—carrots?—ouch, shrapnel wow diggety dang i left my mother’s pan in the handle drawer—
with cosmic drifts of echoing delight—i believe i’ve touched every non-part of the water lilies—she piped me a bunny and i writ her letters days—dissolved rittercritter—abused son—whatsoever i needest to become to help my mother i will be this thing or oomph woofing triptack alackaday derailing—derailing greedy anticipations—the real ingredient is patience—see the connection between those two sentences?—
in derailing greedy anticipations the real ingredient is patience—i’m writing in the dark, in the early hours of a summer night 7/31/99 7:08 AM it is dawn now with birds and people gathering the get-go—atchem ipperfraught—senseless jabble?—my gaga is my clown—
and Dada is my  brown two-storey block sticking out of a hat—the cut-up technique that made the prequel to this sequel—but why cheer when the game has been lost?  what is the use to abuse?  who thinks in the way of the killer?  the paranoiac?  what about the spineless?  put me in Vietnam and i am shitting my pants put me in the Titanic and i’m dressed like an old woman ready to go on the rescue ships or evacuation props, dibberdabble drib dibber dab a-trap-a-cat flat on a rat’s skull puzzling over beetles of Puzzlion—and i’ve only touched the tip of the iceberg—i am literary, i am high, aren’t i?—
shapes and shadows undressing themselves in a quarterlight dawn whistling train alongside the road not parallel to the road criss-crossing at the gates to salvation the cross-roads is where they bees at—the old blues boys that play like the train is icumen to take a me home—
boys of the blue lifeless and dead in swamps of defecation—mild case of hemorrhoids—tubular gnosis: i have no idea what that is not yet i’ve been trying to figure it out they are words that comes to me all he time ‘tubular’ means ‘having the form of a tube’ or ‘consisting of a tube’—

###

