OLD MENTIONS OF SELF-PRESENTATION:

(*Note: SEARCH WITHIN THIS DOCUMENT FOR THE KEY TERM "SELF-PRESENTATION" TO FIND THE ACTUAL INSTANCES/OCCURENCES OF THE TERM USED)

(**Also: TO FIND THE ORIGINAL DOCUMENTS, SEARCH FOR "SELF-PRESENTATION" IN YOUR FILE SYSTEM / FOLDERS)

###

A New Organon: or, The Logic of Habitance

Friday, March 14, 2003

8:29:27 PM

1. The Habitant makes passage through implementation to erect the Habit-edifice.
2. Habitance, as the state of being a Habitant, of having habits, of inhabiting space via habit, theory, technique, of being inhabited by his own habits, etc., supplements plasticity with domesticity: the realm of objects becomes the domain or settlement on which the Habitant endures through programmatic manipulation or management, prescriptive or legislative, of his or her Template or synchronic constellations (of habit, theory, technique) leading to historical sedimentation.
3. Habitance is documentary in scope and attains no further than the general bounds of the human scale.
4. The House of Habit and Memory, with its congealing force, its condensation, consolidation, concentration, and contraction, is founded on the body as knowledge, i.e. carnal knowledge or first knowledge.
5. First Knowledge of Habitance has, then, a physiologic basis, and so it is possible to forward the contention that historical thought or consciousness proceeds from an initial physiologic economy and awareness of.
6. Habitants are transitional and constantly work through intervals, working qua implementation, necessarily requiring logonomy, or meaning-giving, meaning-instituting, meaning-handing: lit. to deal out meaning.
7. To hand meaning: to manipulate.  Man as Habitant is forever manipulative, always having a hand in something.  As transitional, Habitants will make passage through initial or first knowledge, from so-called network of instincts (program of movement), through the unbroken chain in the modality of passions towards second knowledge already closer to historical thought but still only habit-thought or the so-called theoretic of habitance, which is anaesthetic and philosophic-critical.
8. First knowledge: technic of habitance.  Second knowledge: theoretic of habitance.  Third knowledge: Historical consciousness, self-presentation of History, a.k.a. Domestic moduloscopy of stratified spatial-temporality. 
9. …
10. …

###

Historical Methodology of Curative Self-Presentation:

Friday, February 28, 2003

2:59:50 PM

1. Person.  Person is a plastic being that endures.  Person’s endurance is multilateral in its memoranda.  Spaces pre-exist and person falls into them.  Person is active and to who action is a falling-into insofar as necessity calls-for modal inhabiting, which is movement or the enactment of its habitance.
2. Person is plastic and that ensures recurrences.  The physiological matrix of person is remembrance secured in responses.  To incur a debt to the spaces one falls-into in necessary occupation is the motor responsibility of plastic habitance.  Habitance is the folly of recurrence in beings of plastic endurance and insists on responsive situation.
3. To move or to be moved: person establishes translations across inhabited spaces as settlements of doing in possessive condensation or binomial, associative materialism.  Faith is countercontrol mechanism for deterministic, serial conversion scenario.  Person experiences memory in mobilisation through relational graph of divisive and directional sequencing.
4. Person is concentrated projective Number in messenger-board of localising, conditional distribution.  Person rides on modal fragment of constructive apparati whom mediate cyclical and prescriptive, combinatory oscillations in logonomic function of reiteration in filed ecstasies of moving Manners.
5. Person is extracted temperature of operative procedure whose aesthetic multiplicity instructs manifold manipulation of granular habitat or elastic atmosphere speculating figures of orientation schedules.  Dependency is a dialogic medium enclosing dispersive complexity of persecuted personality whose compositional and dynamic collection interacts in definitive displacement/replacement programs.
6. Cluster is science of person whose experiential modality in creative execution organises variance of surface in spectral horizon of consolidated having.  Person possesses and diversifies its measure of potential in the abstract across intervals whose integrity produces a technological emergence into and out of materiality.  Person is indexed on table of tonic, intensive and rotational visitation in inverted transcript wherein negativity motivates archival territories into managerial resolution.  Person in applied grids of transference co-operates with echo-district where scattering calculation layers transmissions of transacted analysis in lexical conceit of mutation in textural segment[ation].  Person [pre-]figures in manifest, circulatory influence of empathetic participation modelled after stability cadence of demand register.
7. Target production logic and plastic aggregate realises grain of conjunctive code in object-specific circuitry and expository contract of appliance.  
8. To envision organic text of person is to diversify conference of contrasted market topicality in positional negotiation of exchange technique.
9. Impression on plastic medium of reflexive acting modulates capacities in transient closure of embarkation status in zone of reference or so-called stadium of reading interfered.  Associative program unit counterfeits usual formal motive capsulation deriving in limit protection of systematic assembly or disassembly.  Motive function in plastic animal corroborates reflexive animation of possessive line intrinsically in trace of procedural orbit.  Axis of oriented contact: person demonstrates commutative law and half-documents spatial capacity in periodic motion of unmanning.  Deployment secures, then disperses media-foci in ecstasy of comparative transition.  System employs captive fragment in channels operating affective surface tension.  Physiologic stamp of graphic realism in complication.  Redirection of assembly-line ritual-encounter in projected scan-path of modernised compression.
10. Contextual and thematic invariance: person stipulates departure only to meet uneventful stasis in luring power of the same.  Atomic personality: room-script tracing puncture of capacity, marked Number of passive return equation.  Target variation: ellipsis into plastic reproduction, constitutive of decisive reading-faculty.  Improvement: person succumbs to grain of habitance.  Person as leftover.  Person as executive recall.
11. Theoretical work on person institutes conception-capacity to sacrifice elastic behavior in economic transposition of signifying edifice.  Person housed in compliance: fever and transformation schedule.  Chamber of security disassembled.
12. Then self-reference.  Automatic disposition of dispensable communities.  Service of cataclysmic tendency.  Closure in momentary condensation.  Firmness attributed to anticipatory alliance with verbal connection aptitude.  Situated reversal.
13. Occupation furthers vocational space-identification and figures expression of vanity congress and circulatory tables matching constellation behavior.  Orbital matrimony: participation orders scientific theatre and person collapses.  Endearment here: designed to know death ceremoniously, to translate absence in serial calculus of field-focus as cycle represents formative-extensive knowledge.  Documentary field-power revealed in situated morsel meetings orienting contractual habitance as systematic complication of intensive, elastic dimension.  Plastic habitant mobilises and invents distraction.  Distance of dialogic model to frequent iconic organ: textured spectrum attributes.
14. Punctuated denial of hybrid experiment will letter body in avoidance of word-void: hence associative technique of modal numeration.  Focal multiples will crowd instituted agency of reversal statements and disclose habituated consort of conservation agenda.  This is the compacted record.
15. Person reorients around difference whereby interval impresses in speculative creativity the onslaught of clustered and matrimonial verification adjunct.  Supplicant appurtenance violates network attitude to puncture room line and Number, breaking motional validity of conflict agent.  Negativity then resolves and cohesion-work recommences.  This chamber is stratified inclination of horizon habit in regional and subtracted objectivity.  Person requires only logonomic function, and passes in supplying self-presentation necessarily.
16. Therefore, transferred association in reflexive, experiential affective collectionism equals creative concentration on design-line mediated remedially and absent fragment converts projective sustenance of invariant focal-echo in tonic and intensive enclosure so-called Anthem or Rhapsody.  Anthem is also appendix of system ecstasy and revolves/resolves in periodic orbit of inherited Habitance and so forth.  Therefore, field of silence and fetish theatre relaxes cluster-logic of matrimonial procedure-fabric whose tension transmitted charade of formal disorganisation and necessitated memorial conference.  If scripted event did not encounter faith, then penal transformation would inevitably constitute intensive and subtracted distribution of documentary aggregate-assemblage anyway.  And so empathetic participation encloses these conditions: a)melodic expression; b)transitional aesthetic-function; and c)orientation to limit substance in market horizon.
17. Conclusion.  This is also the Historical Method of Cognizing Logonomic Exhaustion whose technical temperature appears modal when provisional agency crowds stable attitude in spectral image of settling configuration.  When not appearing in modes, situational logic and invented manner complies with rotational motor-scheme and serial Vision compresses in schedule of influence, meaning enacted redirection back to empathetic participation, which is countercontrol mechanism to face endurance in deterministic model of existence.  Therefore, the only templum = integrated ritual units comparing referential clockwork of surface grain and sacrifices experimental practise in complication gradient of presupposed extensive interval.  This emergence must translate having into corporeal unification or else person requisite for formal and scriptural dynamism will definitely not find curative intermission, and crowd around center of passport indifference, and exhaust there fully.  And this in divisive table motion of contracted atmospheric process.  In this case, only the Historical Methodology of Curative Self-Presentation can truly index the having manner and supplement fever scene with proper working cyclopedia of invented and active serial Number passion in density of logonomic code and diffusion of transgressed trajectory or circuit of displaced analytic tendency.  Only this can line room and mediate echoes.  The rest is counterfeit impressionism and focuses marginally.

***Finis opera, marked 4:44:08 PM***

###

Geography is programmatic of Geo-grammatic formations.  Prove organic, fluid concurrency of person and historical landscape.  Reading through newspapers, reading through Civil Code of Lower Canada from 1898 or ABC of Gothic Architecture from same year.  Reading about the Seigniorial system in Early Canada, reading about Life on a Medieval Barony and shapes concurrently exist grammatically, syntactically, and tonally.  This is an essay on Tone, not intonation, but tonal spectricity of presentation/demonstration, of actual technical application subsisting historically.  The concurrence of past production and present re-visiting has a resonance.  I therefore live history in this way, and through the action of writing myself, I prove the organic, fluid concurrency of past and present: I prove the geo-grammatical binomial historical methodology of self-presentation.  This is moral philosophy in its Curative State.

Those were my proto-grammatical, proto-spatial word-originaries, my conceptoid blocs.. I dreamt of legislation, of prescription, inscription, subscription, plates and templates, thick plates like Riopelle paintings, hard sex holding a girls ass who sits above me pouncing on my steel cock, I touch her anus, stick a finger in it and it opens wide and is juicy.. I believe somewhat in physiology as the basis for fucking which can actual admit such things as déjà vu and a certain concurrence on a psychological and spiritual level.. artists respond to a time.. what I think I choose as an artist, as material, subject, etc., has already been chosen not by big marketing companies but by the lived time of all the species.. I shape tools, and I believe that thought in the last five years has evolved to more simultaneist proportions.. conceptual, thinking in different zones, different manners.. white is not a color, but to a painter it is, it is a tube of paint like all others, it is pigment.. it is a stuff you apply, it is paint, that is undeniable.. white is paint like all other paints, and to me it is a color, I treat it as one, there is no hierarchy for painting as regards the application of paint materials whatever their hue or color or position on the spectrum or beyond it, like black and white are supposed to be..

Foucault studied contingencies.  He looked, in History, at that which outlives man, his institutions, his discourses, all material extensions in history that are not man.  Foucault did not care or show care in his writings for logical analyses or grammatical analyses.  He was not a literary analyst, per se.  He was a discourse analyst, but specifically, I would say, a historical materialist of a greater order than a Marx.  We could see Marx as studying money, capital, commodities, but Foucault studying Banks, something like that.  A greater order, something more necessary and useful for today.

The Polynomial Affect of Simultaneously Lived Times
Re-presented Through Applied Historical Methodologies

Geotectonics on a grammatical scale, with tonic accent, with habit, mode, behavior.  Geospatial, geotheoria, a spatial scale, geo- ecological, meteorological influence onto habit.. habitance is spatial environ, from the settlement to notary drafting, the seigniorial system, a system of settlements, title-deeds..3

###

… Dispatch English:

I
	One person relaxes on a couch covered with a soft blanket made of wool.  One lights a cigarette.  Person dips into a reverie full of ample sounds.  What is the first proposition, if I am to build the argument that way?  One proposition after another, building the edifice of One’s philosophy.
	Sitting on a couch covered in fine wool.  Person sitting there, dreaming in softly lit room.  Cigarette in hand, from hand to mouth; inhale, exhale.  Dreaming of philosophy.  It really depends on how I begin the thing, if I want it to build itself slowly thought on thought.  The solidity of baroque harmony.  A room with patterned wall-paper.  Rosy tones and soft blues.  Blanket of soft wool, windows open let in a spring breeze.  Person in the room, alone, dreaming of philosophy.
	The couch is covered by a yellow blanket, tinted wool of fine quality.  Yellow ochre and cigarette smoke in the air.  It all depends on my first proposition.  If I begin with habit, habit has to truly be the first moment, if I want moments.  There can be only one possible development once I pronounce the first words.
	People writing; a library.  Wooden desks, chairs, and book cases.  Books laying on tables, on peoples’ laps.  Books open, closed, books being flipped through.  Literature, philosophy, reference works.  People immersed in thought.  People thinking deeply.
	I would like to have a writing desk in here.  During the day, in front of that window, I could write beautiful passages.  Beauty, however, is not what I want in this philosophy.  I need a sort of sense, but most of all I need it to be evidential.  Thoughts about the human being, its physical body and body of thoughts.  Being’s emotions, drives, behaviors.  The serenity of a baroque room, painted in its rounded space.  Memories crawling into the picture of a present sitting and thinking.  Must begin writing, need the desk today.  I saw a desk at the pawnshop on Main Street.

	II
	People walking along sidewalks.  In and out of stores; people drifting, others with ample directionality.  The soft hum of motors, engines propelling bodies in their steel caverns.  Wheels and flesh; the pawnshop on Main Street.
	This is the one.  On this desk I will write my philosophy.  A philosophy of habit perhaps, if I decide for that to be my first proposition.  How else can I write it?  How can I project into writing the simultaneity with which I visit these ideas?  Delivery in the afternoon of writing desk.  Early evening with typewriter, Person begins a manuscript.

1.  Identity is an organic composite.
2.  I is a habit.
3.  Habits possess a manner of being had.
4.  Habits are tendencies.
5.  Tendencies are values.
6.  Values are a directionality.
7.  Identity is a possessed, organic composite of directional tendencies; a particular manner of having and being had.

	For all it is intrinsically worth, to sit at One’s desk, to write what wants to be philosophy.  Message on the wall.  Always a message.  Always writing.  One, that is.  One writes.  Person sits at desk, typing.
	If I is a habit, if this I call a center of sameness, tending directionally as possessed composite, possessed in its specific mode or manner of being possessed, if it is anything, it is a face: Face as surface, as appearance, as phenomenon of self-repeating and enduring plastic fabric.  There is hope in this manuscript.  Person begs for procedural exactitude.  From first to last principle: a well-constructed microcosmic universe.  I can never seem to begin on the right foot or footing.  My Philosophy of Habit needs be contained within three or four or five simple principles.  An axiomatic of habit in the plastic entity we call the Human Person.  Constituted by the prescriptive and operative force of habitance.  Quality of being a Habitant: Habitance.
	The being of an image.  Person sitting at desk, typing, writing a manuscript.  Memoranda upon memoranda taped, stuck here, there, along the wall, the desk itself; notes for a future publisher or editor.  Tacked on a board made of cork: notes to self, notes to future self.  Notes towards an exact remembrance.
	Technology of being habitual.  Being habits compressed, values compacted in bodily form.  That person’s tendencies congealed in materiality.  A folding or a faulting; I revisit the fragments as they tear off the mainland.  These my settled sediments.  My expository remembrance: a thing of the past relived as I bear now my sufferance unto the peopled plane.  This text, these habits; first principles related to an audience.

1. Valuation possesses me.
2. I am valuable; variable and varying, of value interpreted.
3. Intervals punctuate my spaces.
4. Spaces I fall-into, these inhabited interiors.
5. The invaluable interval spaces my interpreted interior.

	Person has such a long way before meeting it.  Contact, encounter; One Person drives onward everlasting, seeks to find curative knowledge, curative self-presentation in an impossible universe.  Dreams up scenarios on the couch; relives his entity becoming Else.  Equidistant Poles of Othering: Person in intermittent Calling, providing sensory establishment.  I begin here.  I always already am.  These figures, this history.  Text begins now.  Entering into transitional contact interval: my interhuman complexity of becoming, my halfway thoughts of endearment meeting towards others.
	To communicate indirectly.  Person on the couch with cigarette, ashtray, reading, believing, gripping onto and building conviction.  This person, That: this here, that which was once, which always repeated exhibits a solitary confinement.  Confinement in things: enclosure in historical reiteration, narratological unbecoming in silent gestures with positivities of speech realigning a scheduled something.
	This something, and That.  Where between we lie, in an insatiable thirst prolonging existence.  Being of endurance, of continuance.  Being of programmed movements.  Plastic being, habitual being.  These the lines that follow.  Lines that One Person follows.  Name: One.  Logonomic function: One Person.  This situation remembered, having boiled on the backburner of thought.  A scheduled moment.
	Wool covers yellow ochre covering the seat of Person’s momentary pause.  To pause: to enter misexistence.  Your punishment, your exile: a number on a blackboard.  These problems intermixed with the emotive field.  A seated question: do you remember sitting there, had you sat there long enough? where were we?
	Words carry my lexical and harmonic nature.  These thoughts recorded in axiomatic invention.  1)Continuance; 2)Schedule of Distraction, Entertainment; 3)Bonadventure.  To persist lengthwise in that direction.  An ambience of directional sufferance.  A tense and remarkable tone owing mostly to pre-existing markers.  These your posts, your historical moment: that becoming which in your writing desk library overtones created this literary experience.
	One Person: name of agency promoting complication of erroneous notes positively sentencing mouthed-words endearing.  This your trajectory: to follow laughter in through world gates exhibiting actuality in sufferant and miserable exactitude.  Exact moment of remembrance: that which legislates your communicable and settled transience.  A remark on pausing, on serene and half-committing action of Audition.

	III
	Your mouth, this entertainment.  When One Person sits and waits and comes to clear out confusion in a letter.  Text, letter, epistolary novel: writing to my remembered fragments, my domain, that which affects me, people, things, friends of this terrible physical world: that which I encounter in this preliminary sentence.
	Schedules of thought, of reason: ministering quality aptitudes, ability to count and commute through conversational existence.  This community which ponders questions: that for which I tune in, attune for, attune to, attune by and for existential rudimentary knowledge.  Insofar as I have sought first principles, habit in my text writing desk and literary room yellow-ochre wool-covered couch a fine material has motivated exactitudes of momentary onslaught notions.  This theatre of absurd death and hormone qualification: my trajectory in physiological constipation meeting-with in an interstellar communicable environ of gestation and gyration.  Constituted of filth: I remember exact presence of communicable something.  These One Person mouths words.

	IV
	In That Room.  When you commuted with unintelligible securities.  Your aspirations combined in a knot effacing your sense of self.  That which One Person discovers.  That you were once, that I am, those habits entertaining solidification for the entrance of One Person.  Named here as first principle: One Person sitting in reverie committed to certain thoughts.  Person and Writing.  Unintelligible communion.
	At this point Person walks along the riverside.  Person lives in a lowland township walks along the shore to the Bridge Person always remembers.  Living in these mistaken appearances.  These mystical shoes.  Your shoes, your clothing.  Naked understanding dressed in habits.  Moments ago, Person required thoughts culminating in memory.
	Memory or half-thought.  Rumination on astral thought and grass.  Cultivation of these lands.  These settlements.  That born from me.  Structure or landscape.  A memorable intermission.  Distracted, endeared.  A cosmopolitan view of historical compression.  Compacted in that stone stuff, a hardness collected and condensed.  Person mirrored in sitting there.  Lumination emitted from lantern tableside.  Person writing a manuscript.  Transition Interval Contact: my life here.  What truly existed in me, a going-towards, an eventual meeting, something else which collects these thoughts.  Habit and remembrance: a collage of paper petals too frequently meeting on the hour.  My sentential matter-of-factness, my carrying of packages, indifferent to statutes.
	Overall, a feeling of being there, lamenting your existence.  These pieces, this fragment here turning over.  Recommencing realization of perfect particularity: when I seize potential knowing of my half-deliberating associative cataclysmic exit.  When I know and then experience.  When my habits structure reappraisal and I shudder.

	V
	This happens in a cabin in the woods.  The bleakness of winter.  It happens in mid-January, the action takes place from then until mid-February.  A month in the cold like this: action of painting, shacked in cabin with wood-stove burning, severed from the world and brimming with the capacity to endure this way.
	That Person paints there.  One Person who sits reading on yellow-ochre couch smoking cigarettes may once have been That Person there in the cabin painting, in the middle of a wooded area.  Same stuff as paper, same as the writing desk and library book shelves.  These materials, our materials.  That Painter: serial epiphanies attached by that thread which is my willingness.  Willingness to keep painting: bleak and cold and nothing.  I am a painter, painting.
	A willingness easily projected onto Many Characters.  The One and the Many: characters which populated these transient landscapes.  Our Cabinet of Curiosity into the lives of these characters.
	One Person paints: regularly, in a cabin in the woods, performing household duties, fetching water, airing out the place.  One Person’s luxury is another’s defunct madness.  Watering the flowerpot.  Get the daisies lively and nice.  ..

1.  Habits affect the I with a resonance, a schema of actions or motion[s] giving an emotus.
2.  Technologies are habits (values) capable of being possessed, and affect the organism.
3.  Identity belongs to a physical place, i.e. an environment with or without other life forms which may or may not interact / communicate with the individual.
4.  The I, or organic composite, has a perimeter which can come in contact with things.
5.  The body is a perimeter, an extension being a limit (to be is to be limited).
6.  Having can possess the identity.
7.  Therefore, habits can possess the individual.
8.  The limit of habits, of having, and of identity is death.

Get your daisies out in advance.

###

STRUCTURE OF ELEVEN

The concept behind this project is primarily the box, container, holster, compartment, apartment, house, closet, or enclosure.  It is made of two decorticated boxes screwed to two ornate pieces of wood from a frame.  It is the Cinéma Tonale, in a sort of neo-Gothic architecture, highly fragmented, representing both our collapsing Tower of Knowledge and Information, and the mounting Empire of Neo-liberalism or Great Wall of Capital built on the masses’ commodity fetishism and anaesthetised minds.  The body is a wreck, is in pieces.  The body as memory has become packing material as Memory, as material memory of Capitalist times.  The separate histories of the materials combine in an assemblage of ideas, colors, lines, and trademarks.  Designs are contracted into the space of the building, yet not blemishing its flatness, though rendering it somewhat ulterior as the piece enters interdimensionality, between 2D and 3D and 4D.  The Fifth: the Dream Assembly, the Crimson Order, the Scarlet Brigade, host of consanguineous entities.  Warriors of the battle of the senses.  Clans, ranks, departments of the Dream Reality.  They write the dreams and lives of everybody.  It is a council where spirits have meetings and decide the universal path of mankind.  Beethoven helped build the Cinema.  Psychology, Musical Harmony, and Physics: ars combinatoria.  Historical materialism in art.  My ancestors built their houses out of stone and wood, hay and mud.  The hides of animals. The body is a wreck, is in pieces.  The body as memory has become packing material as Memory, as material memory of Capitalist times.  The separate histories of the materials combine in an assemblage of ideas, colors, lines, and trademarks.  Designs are contracted into the space of the building, yet not blemishing its flatness, though rendering it somewhat ulterior as the piece enters interdimensionality, between 2D and 3D and 4D.  The Fifth: the Dream Assembly, the Crimson Order, the Scarlet Brigade, host of consanguineous entities.  Warriors of the battle of the senses.  Clans, ranks, departments of the Dream Reality.  They write the dreams and lives of everybody.  It is a council where spirits have meetings and decide the universal path of mankind. Beethoven helped build the Cinema.  Psychology, Musical Harmony, and Physics: ars combinatoria.  Historical materialism in art.  My ancestors built their houses out of stone and wood, hay and mud.  The hides of animals.

1. Transition/Interval/Contact
2. Pinxit: Painter A. and Cyclicus pictor
3. Crackland / The Crackland Journals
4. Dispatch English
5. Letters through Time
6. Baron, Man of Passages & Baron, The Fictitious Truth of Nothingness
7. The Priest of St-Elsewhere
8. Coureur-des-Bois
9. Unravel: Qualities of Projection
10. Territories: an Uncharacteristic Novel
11. Period: A Novel of Attributes & Aggregates

These eleven novellas work together, much like the sixteen novellas of The Exhibition in Tonal Cinema.  The set of eleven novellas can be broken up into five parts not yet chronologically ordered: 1.Transition/Interval/Contact; 2.Pinxit, Crackland (+Journals), and Dispatch English; 3.Letters through Time; 4.Baron, Man of Passages + Baron, The Fictitious Truth of Nothingness; and finally, 5.Unravel, Territories, and Period.
	TIC (Transition/Interval/Contact), is a novella which appears in Cyclicus pictor, a novel which the Painter, in this case Edward Long, is writing alongside his commissioned painted works.  The Crackland novellas and Dispatch English operate on a quicker rhythm.  The rhythm of the set of novellas, well, there is no single rhythm; the novellas speed up and slow down, mainly because they grew out the History Project which set out to develop a structural understanding of history, through figural analysis, etc.  Unravel, Territories, and Period will be the very heart of the historiographic power of this masterpiece.  The Priest of St-Elsewhere is a sort of myth that presides over Crackland.  Crackland is at times the earth, at times a specific location on the earth like the St-Lawrence Lowlands particularly in Quebec.  If they are historical novels, The Priest of St-Elsewhere and Coureur-des-bois will be the evidence.  As a novellas appearing in another novella, it was required of me to make TIC a very closed work, meaning that it could not be wholly open to interpretation, guided strongly by the place it holds in Cyclicus pictor.  This set of novellas are setting out for a new understanding of history, of mythology, of the human condition, and of the troubles of autobiography or self-presentation.  The work sets out on the fact that the world presently is ultimately fragmented.  It wants, as a set of novellas, to thread certain things together, and may include an appendix of actual letters and diaries, if they are not already included in Letters through Time, which is a montage experiment with newspapers, famous journals, diaries, and letters.  As letters are spliced together, as one narrator cuts into the next, when we reach the Baron books, the general framework for the Baron, which verges on deep delusion, should be set.  I cannot promise for an easy reading.  The works are the culmination of a dozen years of note-taking, of observation, and of an extensive reading campaign.  
Transition/Interval/Contact is what the Vortex trilogy was in the Exhibition.  Territories and Period work together with Unravel to form the Analytic.  Crackland and its Journals form the harmonic code of the novelistic phenomenology.  Pinxit, composed of Painter A. and Cyclicus pictor, alongside Baron, Man of Passages and Baron, The Fictitious Truth of Nothingness form the conceptual persona for the philosophy.

###

PART TWO
No More Ought:
3AM+ Saturday morning, the 24th of May, 2003

To have to do something.  To possess an attribute, ‘to possess’ as an attribute.  To be what you ought; that ought no more can subsist once you, as possessive being, possess being being possessed and the ought is the spirit of nonsense.  The closing of the gates: no entry.  Forget about any exiting.  You are already always there.  The only ought is subsist existing.  Continuance of solar polities or the bespeckling of an engineered and granite entourage.  Yourself as cup or container.  Break the capsule.  Unfold your box to see the sensoid pattern of its conditioning.  Do I have to?  Do I have to have a self?  The possessive ought: enchained in being defined variably by ratios.  As this is to that (relation, reception, reference, resistance), I am localized or contained averagely.  To be a just or unjust approximation: religion of the ‘CANNOT’, the verbotten and rigid testimony of a real and secure self.  A self interpositive: defined unequally in liquid variations, stretched and fused marginally by recalcitrant edge of beingness.  The stuff in a mixed pairing, cluster, branch, once distilling and then pouring the limpid & waxen metal into a medieval & war-machinic mould as though your clay could always be slowly moistened back to shape, whatever coloring, fashion, or frame you had coincided with momentarily.  The Me-plus: the additive potential of entire cluster-shells of Habit and Memory.  Your bare shelves, a book write in hardwood planks.  Scrutiny of your Interior, your closet or cloister shielded in glass of same-cannot-be-self.  Not mere reflection: the ought-not of modern continental philosophy.  We say no more ought, no recipe: just being-there.  Without moralizing, the being of being-had have-being in its automatic & autocratic, structured/ing potentiality instantiates a motor of habit which itself mothers sadness in its constant clefting off of cannot-become-my-body.  The prick of there-wants wanted There: here-me-nots infringing on otherwise oughtless autocracy.

Can you imagine backwardness?  A wayward & black backward?  Blue backward? Green and inward or bastard backwardness?  The ought is deeper than grammar: the hand signifies both adherence to and defection from the creed of affective plasticity as opposed to plastics of motor lack or sense-with.  No forward thought for rock-bottom of bottom rock imagine engines off blasing and projection exercise.  The thisness’s pointed and pointing averages.  Discern a clock.  Your pattern as innate as the hell you came with.  The stop rock jamming bio-computer belts and caustic sausage eats itself as worm of bestial auto-flux sputting anal cords ruptures open.  Then fool’s-police can criticize the being-state of Already.  Press clear.  Enter, if desired, referent number or adequate coinage.  Hegel, Science of Logic, p.157: “This identity with itself, the negation of negation, is affirmative being and thus the other of the finite, of the finite which is supposed to have the first negation for its determinateness; this other is the infinite.”

1. How the History Project works or fits in Visually
2. How Tan Caravan Jazz prepares for historiotherapy through improvisation and leitmotif or personifying multiple & distinct rhythmical/harmonic/melodic orchestrations a-temporal or contrapuntally non-reliant orchestral modes

An improvisatory demonstration like painting, can be both mythical and philosophical, logical = hence, a novelistic phenomenology (historical self-presentation through physio-imaging of projection laws).

a) Tonal Cinema
b) Novelistic phenomenology
c) Historiotherapy
d) Physio-imaging (as self-presentation of history or relational linguistics)

Tonal modules + lines of development = a propositional calculus or symbolic logic.

Assembly = the abstraction of positionality (i.e. grid, design, architectonic) and delocalizing geo-grammars / contours / determinations / objects / concepts / motifs / planes = contact, pathways.

Transition: becoming, variation, transformation, metamorphosis, series, sequence = mosaic of episodes, repeated frames in continuity: a)speed integral, or b)hue integral (one plate in T/I/C has independent or sovereign internal foci or nodes which can change or not change, in movement: number, position (in itself or for other), self-relation = bus to exodus, delocalization = delirium / paranoia = metaphysic of movement, i.e. transition / projection / variation = tonal cinema, the projection of indeterminacy, interval as in-itself, affirmative.

(In Metaphysic of Art Movements, vanity, the vanities, is those transitions of points or micro-aggregates, i.e. montage as unity, as modus of interval contact.

(Linear projection of separate / distinct / sovereign distances or intervals, if further transition undertaking, i.e. bus to exodus or delocalization, i.e. delocalized, projective displacement vs. integrating / ratio-integral – ratiocinative integrity; see Proportion.)
	Then: a)Equal number of elements in the case of the projection of a triangle, vertices, kept number, i.e. Name (Painter A.), for metaphysic of art movements Name is i)Guild name or ii)pseudonym for, I)a selection of writing by one person, a mode or field-specific body or style, or II)name used by many generations of artists passed on as a schematic, name as textual-exegetic schema similar to tonal cinema’s authorial thematizations + thematization of textual modes, i.e. a text / writing’s attributes dialogue, leading to internal displacements or confined ones (auto-limited) – b)or then in exodus the number declines or augments or c)cross-pollenation, interference with a)Atmospheres or b)Other one-of-the-above autocratic development modules / House (House as room-organic + habitation – see plumbing – so that this thing, a projection but projector + projectionist + projection itself, one moment or first dimension, is both grid – relational linguistics and operant bodies as proto-signifying, i.e. the film material before vision or technical manipulation, or of geo-grammatical, topological “vanities as obscurity, the dark backward abysm of time green when death-motivated or ‘exhaustive’, black when self-negating or auto-exiling / alienating”, etc., etc..) So that one prism, i.e. prison or chamber, i.e. unit, can integrate with another with aforesaid possibilities: a)number keeps quantitative integrity or b)number augments or diminishes.

(Attributes of one moment can keep or vary, in movement of transitive projection.)

(Interval is lines from x to y, their domain; contact is integrity or synchronicity.

In Music:

Ex. I am Time

A Voice and an Instrument coetaneous : Both instruments have respective physical bodies however transient : also their shape / texture / tone, frequency / pitch, phraseology, harmony (internal relation, i.e. internal-cohesive Qualities but also in relation admit projections, through time to next general module or habit-scheme called bloc or segment, coin, leitmotif, kernel, theme, that are prescriptive, auto- or towards-, and self-authenticating, which is movement to next frame but 

(And also a lexicon can work like this to give a physio-imaging lexicon iconology, i.e. cinematic technical-habitual hence formal-critical self-presentation as historical, i.e. memorial / documentary & operant evidence, in law evidence which forwards defence, impedes, or is useless, or a)changes internal integrity of one hearing, or does not, to the next – Qualities of Projection – but also physio-image, physio-imaging vs. projection.)

(Projections can be 1, 2, 3, or n-dimensional, each with optional modes of behaving viz. integrity or sympathetic participation / influence / the illusory / vanity: <<It’s a fragmentist and ongoing symphonic, critical interpretation.>>)

Man of Passage is persona for T/I/C itself as object = hence, Baron is not there, is cultural memory, absent, or impending arrival, omitted, etc., because he is interpretend, i.e. telescope, Eye of Text, or “Sir Iris”, lens mechanism and his movements are like T/I/C novel by Kropotkin (or Painter A.) in my novel : Painter A. because he is first position, mine authorially but also of efficient import in Textbook of Painting / Art history and so of the History-Project = he is personification of the images of the text, Character of Quality, Projection of Textual Qualities, i.e. Projector/Projectionist, in Passage / Transition = Crackland, Land of Fissures, is land-between (Mesopotamian) projector and screen, of intererence / vapors / abysms; Crackland is dark-backward transformative (vanity) vortex of integral variation between Baron P. Projectionist and Dream Assembly, i.e. both library of reels and techniques of Projection, hence vortex dome-fresco Eye in itself as near-absolute and private, experiential modulus in interpositive, variable contact with Screen, i.e. Medium = hence, Boy is Messenger, Light, also Medium but passive of legislature but an active participant in Tonal Cinema.

Boy crosses Interval; Baron fixes, contacts, collects; Assembly, i.e. Cemetery or “The City”, i.e. Projector itself or god-machine, village, room, JUST IS.

(There is no meaning without the domain of the interval because projection could not take place – Habitation.)

Ecstasy of inhabiting the habit system, of having an identity skip through technologization of the ego : a)through physio-imaging, b)novelistic phenomenology, c)defragmentation, d)focus, e)decrypting / reading material memory, etc., f)and through influence, i.e. democracy, love, or sympathetic participation.

Habitant as persona for characters; hence, in T/I/C / History-Project in my novel – Habitant interprets characters’ lives (Evelyn, Dr. K., as political prisoners) and letters are “Boy” or messengers / lines of contact, arabesques between blocks / types / plates of segmental tonal effects which are self-presented in so many ways specifically for historiotherapeusis for “The History Project” to be both reading and writing, coequal, of equidistant sympathetic participation or resonance, i.e. love, technique, craft, contact as distant closeness using identity and its metaphysic to prove that physio-imaging is T/I/C and that a lexicon iconology in the Metaphysic of Art Movements not only exists but in its “relational-linguistic novelistic-phenomenology” form can provide a new understanding of images, sounds, and their possible interpenetrative and variable utility for interdisciplinary projects which get lost in needless and time-consuming (exhaustive or detrimental) foothpaths and therefore a New Vision of Theory is both a cyclopedia / textbook / manual and helps build a national identity as History-painting in hopes of resolution of Canadian homeland policies concerned with dispersion or averaging-out of population versus present city-state agglomerates which reek of Island Fever and painful Hysteria.  Moral: learn to read without eyes and use relational method of development of demographic solidarity, i.e. granularity, i.e. heterogeneity giving tools for networks of free-floating citizens who can create sitespecific or nonsitespecific collectivities using whatever economies aid solidarity, i.e. are useful, to the sovereign & popular locality.

<<These economies are performed in text to prove their utility / efficiency.>>

Sitespecific community: House, zone, district, domain, barony, book, shelf, library
Nonsitespecific community: Trade, service, non-forceful governance
Legislature: Custom of Montreal, A. Non-coercion / B. Freedom (Even to try and be coercive! try if you can!)
Deprogramming: in novel, Montreal is about to have a crisis, complete terror, is a race with time, i.e. dance of life, and says a lot about Pace and Rhythm.

My Insomnia is based on a fear of dreams and how they are more real than we are and we don’t get to share them without awful problems; hence, logic of human imagination is symbol-operant mosaic of episodes…

###

The Merciful God and Trauma
Ecstatic Vision and the Dark Night
Transgenerational Care of Souls: The Apostolic Succession and Disorganized Attachment
Socioemotional Coherence: 
The Merciful Priest versus the Anxious-resistant disorganized helpless hopeless Catholic:
The Dreadful Catholic, The Hopeful Catholic
Socioemotional Coherence: Cardinal Virtues: (Prudence, Justice, Force, Temperance => theologal virtues, Faith, Hope, Charity.)
The Caregiver’s Marriage to the Holy Spirit: Priest as heavenly emoter
Theological relevance of attachment theory (example, the parable of the prodigal son)

Hospitality: Deus Caritas Est, the good shepherd
Prayer of the Heart: “When the heart becomes empty of Image, => mysterium tremendens et fascinans
Repetition of the Name of Divine Person


The Home and the Hospice: Territorial Valence and Dream Cognition
Bereavement, Grief, Widowhood, and Religious Mercy
Pastoral Care and Thanatology: Images of Priest, Images of Death
Contemporary Theories of Grief and Age-old Catholic Wisdom (proverbs)
(or Psalms)
The Theology of Ecclesiastes
The Samaritan Woman: Historical Figures of Spiritual Fructification
The Fruits of Death: Doom, Work
The Good Shepherd and the Flock:

I. The emotional life of man, emotions as functions of survival and adaptation (mysterium tremendens et fascinans)
II. Disorganized attachment, insecurity, fear, dread, anguish (dark night of the soul) => Teresa of Avila, Castle of the Soul
III. Virtues and personalized piety, practise of Prayer of the Heart, silence, hesychasm
IV. Apostolic succession, love, bereavement, “emoter”, war alienation depersonalization, dissociation, disturbed, distantiation, demoralization => Priest as ancient emoter, as reveller, i.e. self-presentation of God, theophanic wiseman.
V. Mystical theology: contemplation practise, levels of prayer, bodies, veils, 
VI. Revelation truth and emotions, spiritual progression, emotions as access states
VII. God as Coherence, Deus Caritas Est
VIII. Transgenerational reparation, sins of the father
IX. The Good Samaritan + prodigal son, pity and mercy

Event goal state holy spirit

Luke 10 : 29-37
Luke 15 : 11-
Ephesian 1 : 18
Genesis 8 : 20-22
Lk 16 : 15 Acts 1 : 24  Romans 8 : 27
Romans 5 : 5+  2 Co 1 : 22  Galatians 4 : 6
Eph 3 : 16-18

Pity mercy spirit of love in heart, self-regulation, emotional intelligence, inward enlightenment, Heart of Truth, inwardness, hedonistic model, avoid pain, seek pleasure, Aesthetic view of emotions, Ethical = component process, goal, decision making tool, Religious feeling, sacred dynamics, “gravity” mental equivalence, prosperous thinking, twelve power centers, Stomach = judgment


The Jesus Prayer: “Lord Jesus Christ, son of God, have mercy on me, a sinner.”
Hesychasm, Hesychasts, Hesychia…
Hesychasm: a spirituality which placed great emphasis on visions of the uncreated light of Tabor (Transfiguration)
“prayer of the heart and mind”
Hesychasm and neurocardiological coherence

Les démarches de pardon
Le refus, la colère, le marchandage, la dépression, l’acceptation, reconnaître sa blessure et sa souffrance, décider de pardonner, admettre le pardon comme processus, accepter la difficulté de pardonner, se réconforter par des témoignages pertinents, se pardonner à soi-même, voir autrement son agresseur, l’intention de pardonner, l’exploration minutieuse de l’offense, le lâcher prise, la découverte d’un sens nouveau, la réparation de la relation brisée en soi, la réintégration positive de soi, avoir mal, haïr, se guérir, se réconcilier, prier pour se préparer au pardon, décider de pardonner, accomplir l’acte du pardon lui-même, fêter intérieurement le pardon accordé, donner suite au pardon reçu, décider de ne pas se vender et de faire cesser les gestes offensants, reconnaître sa blessure et sa pauvreté intérieur, partager sa blessure avec quelqu’un, bien identifier sa perte pour en faire le deuil, accepter sa colère et son envie de se venger, se pardonner à soi-même, commencer à comprendre son offenseur, trouver le sens de sa blessure dans sa vie, se savoir digne de pardon et déjà gracié, cesser de s’acharner à vouloir pardonner, s’ouvrir à la grâce de pardonner, décider de mettre fin à la relation ou la renouveler, identifier ce qui me fait mal, identifier mes réactions face à ce qui me fait mal, acceuillir ce qui me fait mal, acceuillir intérieurement mes réactions face à ce qui me fait mal, partager le malaise vécu avec quelqu’un qui ne fait qu’écouter pour préciser ce qui me fait mal, découvrir ce à quoi je réagis, soit à la situation actuelle, soit à une situation vécue dans le passé, éventuellement dans l’enfance, découvrir ce à quoi l’agresseur réagit: ce qu’il m’attribue, démêler ce qui m’appartient de ce qui appartient à l’autre, retrouver ma blessure d’enfance et en prendre soin, découvrir comment je vois maintenant ma situation actuelle, quelle démarche est possible maintenant?  Pardonner et me séparer de mon agresseur ou me réconcilier avec lui et grandir ensemble!

a neighbor is anyone who needs any manner of assistance or help
Neighbors, attachment theory of neighbors, hospitality, hospice, space of healing… Consolation versus aridity, seeking coherence, energy waves, the pool, The succession of acts of wrestling in personal crisis, domestic vexation, loss of faculties, drug-addiction, the fertility cult vs organized, modernized monotheistic religion

Sephirot:			Sephirot sombres:
Kether (La Couronne)		Gehemonoth (La Vallée de la Mort)
Hochmah (La Sagesse)	Gehenoum (La Vallée de l’Oubli)
Binah (L’Intélligence)		Gehenne (La Vallée du Sommeil)
Hesed (La Grâce)		Ozlomoth (Les Portes de la Mort)
Geburah (La Rigueur)		Irasthoum (L’Ombre de la Mort)
Tiphereth (La Beauté)		Bershoat (Le Puits de l’Abîme)
Netsah (La Victoire)		Tit Aïsoun (L’Ordure ou la Boue)
Hod (La Gloire)		Abron (La Perdition)
Yesod (Le Fondement)	Sheol (Le Fosse)
Malkuth (Le Royaume)	Aretz (Le Monde)
Abron and Hod, glory to perdition… vice, evil ways, exhaustion, perdition, losing one’s soul, contractual evidence of the lost soul…

A band of robbers beat a man.  He is in exile.  He is alienated.  Dark night of the senses.
numinous, Sikh, rasa sutra, Eliphaz’s theophany, JOB, component process theories of emotion, conscience value motive, animistic archetypal pre-philosophy versus modernized pluralistic civilized systematic mystical theology, Coherence, Alba emoting technique, James-Lange theory, Cannon-Bard, Schacter’s two-factor theory, Arousal theories, happiness, catharsis, moral logic, modal logic, self-esteem, Nathaniel Branden, NLP, historiotherapeusis, novelistic phenomenology,  
 
THE MYTHOLOGY OF EMOTION: PANIC, TERROR
Affect programs, propositional attitudes, MYSTICAL cheminement truth revelation nature of emotion, as index to higher truth, grasped idéel, ACTION PROGRAMS, PROGRAM OF MOVEMENT: emoters, 

AURA AND LAISSER-PASSER: mystical PASSPORT
EMOTIONS PLAY AN IMPORTANT ROLE IN MOTIVATING RATIONAL BEHAVIOR
Emotion as a species of belief or a species of desire

EMOTION’S FUNCTION: SOLUTIONS TO SPECIFIC PROBLEMS OF SURVIVAL OR ADJUSTMENT

NINE CHARACTERISTICS OF THEORIES OF EMOTION:
•   emotions are typically conscious phenomena; yet
	• 	they typically involve more pervasive bodily manifestations than other conscious states;
	• 	they vary along a number of dimensions: intensity, type and range of intentional objects, etc.
	• 	they are reputed to be antagonists of rationality; but also
	• 	they play an indispensable role in determining the quality of life;
	• 	they contribute crucially to defining our ends and priorities;
	• 	they play a crucial role in the regulation of social life;
	• 	they protect us from an excessively slavish devotion to narrow conceptions of rationality;
	• 	they have a central place in moral education and the moral life.

Hierarchy of needs:

CONTROL MECHANISM:
a) Impulse => disagreable emotions, consumerism (control), publicity, influence.
b) Conscience / Value / Motive => agreable emotions (religion, archetypes

CHOICE: The Physiology of Intuition
a) Interpretation, Grasping
b) By habit (regressive cycle, ironic being)
c) By experimenting (Additivity of interpretive mode)

1. Structure
2. Form
3. Configuration
4. Value, position in structure
5. Meaning

STAGES OF BEING:
a) Physiological Action/Reaction/Consequence
b) Meditation => Contemplation => Introspection
c) Conscientisation => ‘Grasping’
d) Action

Luminous soul versus Dark soul



Reality therapy, logotherapy, existential therapy, transactional analysis, the child in me, piety modern poetry 

I feel, therefore I am: A new religion takes me to my knees

When once by the slow changes of the night moon, I dominated the world by the sacred magic and ancient art of eating Passports to the Beyond, I now progress in personal piety towards a therapeutic state of being I call agape.

JEWS SLAVERY IN EGYPT, SEVEN PLAGUES, MOSES AND DELIVERANCE, PASSOVER

Jesus tempted in the desert, Going down to Hell, coming back and going to heaven where he is seated at the right of God the Father Almighty after three days from whither he will judge the living and the dead

I believe in the Holy Spirit.

Danse Macabre, Royal Flush

Cactus-Tree:

“Sitting here wishing on a cement floor
Just wishing that I had just something you wore.
I put it on when I go lonely.
Will you take off your dress and send it to me.

I miss your kissin and I miss your head
And the letter in your writing doesn’t mean you’re not dead.”

THE GOOD SAMARITAN:
The Samaritan risks defilement. He approaches this unidentifiable man  and helps him.
      Oil and wine were poured out on the high altar  before God. Note how the usage is mentioned after the Priest and Levite have failed to do their duty.
      Blood revenge: "Mosaic legislation  established cities of refuge for people under the threat of death from  blood vengeance retaliation. This legislation provided an escape valve for a custom it could not eradicate."
      Often when the guilty cannot be reached,  vengeance may be administered to a member of his family. Often the  vengeance would reach even to the most distant relations of the  offending party.
      "Irrational minds seeking a focus for  their retaliation do not make rational judgments, especially when the  person involved is from a hated minority community."
35. "And on  the next day he took out two denarii and gave them to the innkeeper and  said, 'Take care of him; and whatever more you spend, when I return, I will repay you.' 

 

 
The  Samaritan forfeits anonymity when he stays overnight and then says he  would return. This is an acceptance of the potential threat of blood  vengeance. 

The wounded man has no money. When it  is time for him to leave, if he cannot pay the debt he can be arrested,  Matthew 18:23-35. The Samaritan knows this and volunteers money (two danarri is two days wages) and whatever else is needed to see to  the needs of this unidentified man. Additionally, the Samaritan had no  way of insuring the return of his money. Therefore, it is safe to assume  he did not expect it to be returned.

The third and greatest of the Divine virtues enumerated by St. Paul (1 Cor., xiii, 13), usually called charity, defined: a divinely infused habit, inclining the human will to cherish God for his own sake above all things, and man for the sake of God.

This definition sets off the main characteristics of charity:

(1) Its origin, by Divine infusion. "The charity of God is poured forth in our hearts, by the Holy Ghost" (Romans 5:5). It is, therefore, distinct from, and superior to, the inborn inclination or the acquired habit of loving God in the natural order. Theologians agree in saying that it is infused together with sanctifying grace, to which it is closely related either by way of real identity, as some few hold, or, according to the more common view, by way of connatural emanation.

(2) Its seat, in the human will. Although charity is at times intensely emotional, and frequently reacts on our sensory faculties, still it properly resides in the rational will a fact not to be forgotten by those who would make it an impossible virtue.

(3) Its specific act, i.e. the love of benevolence and friendship. To love God is to wish Him all honour and glory and every good, and to endeavour, as far as we can, to obtain it-for Him. St. John (xiv, 23; xv, 14) emphasizes the feature of reciprocity which makes charity a veritable friendship of man with God.

(4) Its motive, i.e., the Divine goodness or amiability taken absolutely and as made known to us by faith. It matters not whether that goodness be viewed in one, or several, or all of the Divine attributes, but, in all cases, it must be adhered to, not as a source of help, or reward, or happiness for ourselves, but as a good in itself infinitely worthy of our love, in this sense alone is God loved for His own sake. However, the distinction of the two loves: concupiscence, which prompts hope; and benevolence, which animates charity, should not be forced into a sort of mutual exclusion, as the Church has repeatedly condemned any attempts at discrediting the workings of Christian hope.

(5) Its range, i.e., both God and man. While God alone is all lovable, yet, inasmuch as all men, by grace and glory, either actually share or at least are capable of sharing in the Divine goodness, it follows that supernatural love rather includes than excludes them, according to Matt., xxii, 39, and Luke, x, 27. Hence one and the same virtue of charity terminates in both God and man, God primarily and man secondarily.

Stations, stabilized and repeatable states pertinent to the internal architexture of self-awareness in the Spiritual Heart.  In a single session of introspection, these are temporary states, and over decades of practice, these may become “stations,” a technical term within Sufism for a stabilized (and repeatable) state, pertinent to the internal architecture of self-awareness in the Spiritual Heart. These are the “secret chambers” of interior space, described by Gnostics and Yogis, to visit or to live in. The analogous structures are present in the introspective phenomenological philosophy of Vedanta as interior “bodies” or “coverings of the Self.” The description of the self as consisting of layers is shared between Eastern and Western spiritual systems acknowledging selfhood.

###

Rewrite your bliss

December 22nd, 2006

My only power is the power to
change the stories I tell myself.

Over the last couple of years, change has operated in my life, changing everything around.  From head to toe, I made changes, changes in my attitudes, beliefs, values, thoughts, and other habits.  I can barely recognize myself when I look into the mirror.  All I keep thinking is this: I have achieved success.  I went from a drug-addicted, paranoid schizophrenic to a humble humanist. Sometimes I try to define exactly what I’ve become.  It’s more about what I want to be today than about what I was or am.  I want to do the work of grief on a sociopolitical level.  I believe in truth and reconciliation and am hungry to learn about peoples’ everyday experiences.  I think that everyday human experiences are what life is all about.  It sounds like a tautology, but most people care only about their careers.  Sometimes it’s important, I think, to dwell on simple, ordinary experiences.  In them, I believe, lies a certain sense of eternity.

I have been an artist since I was a little boy.  I’ve created more art than I knew what to do with it.  I’ve written and recorded thousands of musical productions.  I have written thousands upon thousands of pages of poetry and philosophy, psychological insights, autobiographical novels, etc.  I don’t care about my prolificness anymore.  All I care about is expanding my horizons, building a new frontier for myself, and rewriting my bliss, which I will explain through a group of chapters I hope will leave the reader with a sense of an often overlooked way of reaching for the stars.

I believe that we tell ourselves stories.  I believe that these stories are what we find most important in life, and consequently what we cling to the most.  These stories identify who we are, our place in the business of life.  I call the process self-narration.  I also believe that intricably linked to these logical lines, these phrases and chains of introverted images and intentions, are powerful emotions.  The most powerful emotions are the ones that propel us towards concrete action.  Certain emotional landscapes tend to hint to certain actions that need to be taken.  Now the stories that we tell ourselves about ourselves, that make up the general narrative of our lives, are full of these powerful, ground-shattering emotions that propel us towards concrete action.  New behaviors await the outcome of the self-narrative.

The only real power that I have is the power to change the story I fit into.  Ask yourself this question: What is everyone always telling you about your personality or behaviors or habits?  And what do you want it to be?  How do you want the story to unfold?  Because whatever story you are attached to mentally and physically, whatever story you are embedded into and invested into, this story is what is going to take place in your life.  If you’re afraid that the CIA is monitoring your behavior because you are a domestic, terrorist threat, this is what is going to become real if you believe in it enough and invest enough time telling this story to yourself.  This telling of the story is a process called self-presentation.  Your self-narration is a self-presentation of your history.

Self-narration is made up of what I call physio-images.  I also like to call the process of constructing physio-images logopathology: It is a mixture of mental imagery, of thought, and an emotional charge.  When we self-narrate, we are pulling energy from physio-images, that is, extrapolating the charge, and usually this emotionally-charge, rational code, leads to concrete new behaviors.

There are many ways to change the course of one’s life.  I see man’s mind as a cinematic camera that stores up bioelectric and biomagnetic charges from lived experience.  All one has to do is to take control of the dream machine and steer it towards more satisfying products.  There will always be stored charges, affects and percepts bound together in the film strip of lived experience, but one can truly influence the outcome of the process.

The best way is to see life as a stage, and to direct the action.  If you aren’t satisfied with the outcome of your life in general, change the script.  Change the players, change the background, the props, change everything until you are satisfied.  In this way, life is like an artistic production, where you are the stage director or conductor of the choir that sings your daily experience.

One must learn to let go of the past.  Whatever the story was, it’s not important anymore.  We are starting over.  We are going to rewrite the outcomes of our lives.  One must let go of the charges, let go of one’s attachment to old emotional charges.  Memory can be a gift or a curse, depending on how you use it.  Another important way of liberating oneself from the past, is through a process of active forgiveness.  Forgive yourself for your errors, and forgive those with whom you lived in the bonds of hatred and anger.  The soft, impressionable medium of your mind is waiting for a new projection piece.

I believe in expanding one’s horizons, in reading sacred mythologies and contemporary storybooks to find the future that is most pleasing to you.  Expand your horizons, look everywhere, and brainstorm for ideas as to how you want to stage the coming years.  Think of what you’ve never even thought of.  Think the unthinkable.  We are creatures of habit, and we tend to reproduce the same logopathologies, the same habitual sequences of of physio-imagery.  It’s time to do something unpredictable.

Past behavior tends to repeat itself.  But recreating oneself into a brand new unprecidented history-in-the-making is entirely possible.  In fact, it is probable: For when one has truly experienced the bottom-most point of grief and perdition, change is not only a necessity, but also an utter probability.

I believe in creating eventful, unconditional joy, happiness, appreciation, and also an unconditional vision of success.  Why do I have to wait until I accomplish x, y, and z before making the decision that I am happy or that I have had success?  No, I believe in beginning my new life on the basis that I have already accomplished myself and my life.  The horizon of upcoming events is based on the foundation that I have already achieved the greatest happiness imaginable.  I appreciate my new experiences and see them as gifts, as extras, as a great string of bonuses to my existence.  But I first need to re-evaluate myself and my life.  Was it really a complete failure of my resources that I encountered, or was I just laying the foundation for a beautiful ending to the story?  We choose to either live comedies or tragedies.  The balance of our lives lies in our powers of decision-making.  What I decide about myself, the story that I tell myself today about the chain of events that are taking place, will predict where I will be in ten years.  

Now we will look at different types of stories that we can reinvent ourselves with and project ourselves into.

Ordinariness and voluntary simplicity
This rewrite is all about everyday experience and living a simple life.  Perhaps your old self-narrative was too complex, required too many actors.  Perhaps it lied in the impossible balancing of complex equations, and was just too complicated to be satisfying.  Maybe we decide now to live life with voluntarily with utter simplicity, experiencing simple pleasures and the simple joys that come from just flowing through life.  We no longer aim for extraordinariness.  We are entirely content with being ordinary and living an ordinary life, disappearing into the atmosphere of the nearby café, in the smoke and smog of traffic in the city street, whereby context and personality become indistinguishable.  There is a virtue in living as a nobody.  It certainly leads us to avoid having the television crew following us everywhere, having photographers laboriously try to catch candid pictures of us in every scene, etc.  Popularity can be a vice, like fame.

The Rise to Glory
Perhaps our rewrite is all about the rise to glory.  You are a modern hero perhaps of a contemplative nature.  You have found the philosopher’s stone, the Holy Grail, or Atlantis.  Your rewrite is all about blissful victory.

Ultimate Success
This is the rewrite that has to do with personal achievement.  You are like an Olympic athlete, pushing yourself to your extremes.  You are the very definition of success, a gold-medal winner.  Be careful, though, not to be floating on a big pink cloud with delusions of grandeur.  

The Decision of Happiness and Good Fortune
It’s as easy as pie to achieve happiness and good fortune: You can do it with one decision.  Simply CHOOSE to be happy.  Decide that you are through with being sad and depressed and hurting inside.  Choose a new life where you are happy, a new narrative full of joyous experiences.  No one ever forced you to be depressed and melancholy.  It was your choice, I’m sorry to say.  So change all of that by choosing happiness and good fortune, and build a new narrative around those things that are truly satisfactory.




The Struggling Spirit
Maybe you want to rewrite a narrative that has you as a sort of hero who struggles through life, but who is victorious in the end.  It’s the martyr’s narrative, always going through difficulties, but surmounting them.

Life is a Game / The Winner’s Attitude
The Life is a Game narrative can sometimes resemble the Struggling Spirit one in the sense that when you have the Winner’s Attitude, you are always looking for challenges, and the ultimate challenge is living life like a saint.  There are many different kinds of winners.  There are winners in family and friend life, winners in the professional world.  There are winner daddies and winner uncles, aunts, and grandmothers.  There are winner bosses and winner therapists or winner doctors.  Life is a game and you are its player.  You play the game, i.e. you do whatever you have to do to come out winning.  Life is therefore for you all about strategies, complex organization, etc.  I myself often see life as a game, something like chess, and I am playing with God, in a sense, the chess-game of life.

The most important is to be compassionate when coming up with new self-narratives.  A hint of remorse in leadership shows some of the basic human qualities a little bit, being human, imperfect, flawed, even hopeless at times.  In fact, there is a certain virtue in hopelessness, or what we call gay despair.  Sometimes it takes a little bit of nostalgia to propel you into the future with an unrehearsed, primal force.  Despair, when you are trying to surpass yourself, is a sign that you are on the right path, that you are facing perhaps the greatest hardship imaginable: Endurance, persistence, tenacity.

Now that we have seen what scripts or narratives are all about, it’s important to Enter the narrative.  Entering into it means visualizing success to a certain degree, or projecting oneself into the narrative, making it real.  You are about to give it substance, to really live your new narration.  It’s important to empathize with your new character, to build a new persona with a new personal style.  Life is all about style, and you are about to EMBODY the new style, or narrative, like putting ink to the press and pressing the font onto the parchment, what could be called Life Writing.  

It’s important, also, to find a balance between the spiritual, the physical, and the mental or psychological. Often people get into rewriting their self-narration and they forget the very meat of it all, the body, the body in movement, the dance scripts to life, developing a routine that is satisfying emotionally, mentally, spiritually, but also PHYSICALLY.  It’s good to envision the new movements you will be going through in your new routine beforehand, before actually taking action, so that you know where you are going and how it will feel.  I call it a sort of atmospherical bioplanning, a three-dimensional body-in-movement script.  






In conclusion: Letters to my Dream Self

January 24, 2007

Dear Dream Self,

I know that you know the content of my thoughts already, but I am feeling the need presently to address to you a few words about... Well, I don’t really know what it is that I would like to tell you.  I guess that I want to say thank you for always being there and always giving me dreams and new ideas.

I just wrote my autobiography in French, but you know that.  I’m just stuck on these ideas about artists, I can’t get them out of my head.  “The artist is a life-companion, a companion on the road.”

April 15th, 2007

Dear Dream Self,

I know you as the deep core self that I am when I am authentic.  You are always authentic.  You are the real me.  They say that life is just a measure of time where you get to know your true self.  Any other gameplan except getting to know yourself truly and genuinely is just a form of escapism.  And in trying to escape the fear of death or the reality of death we seek so many loopholes.

So many delusional beliefs we keep about life after death and other things.  Don’t get me wrong, I think that we’re eternal all of us, immortal souls.  But who said that the soul lived in time or human temporality?  I fear that we’re dealing with much bigger things.  Temporality is like a small chink in a cavern wall through which we catch the light of day.  The soul however burns in the nuclear fire of the sun in all its splendor.  Screw the little window onto the outside world from inside your cavern.

The cavern of the mind is an infinitely dark and infinitely infinite chasm.  Yet we are prisoners there.  What I guess that I want to say to you, dear Dream Self, well, it’s a few questions.  Like how do you get your damned material?  My dreams are so wild and so innocent and real.  I believe more in my dreams at times than in reality.  Dream reality is much bigger, has more breadth.  And what is this book really, but a new beginning, started from a dream?  The Coke Messiah dream, so lucid, so real, yet so evanescent.  I bet I could have better dreams if I had more interpersonal contacts.  My social network is slim, flimsy.  I want more contacts.

And I think that you, Dream Self, can make me a better person in the end.  Let’s call North North and not South.  You are the true North.  You are where all my compasses point.  My biological compass maybe a sort of third eye in my wild dreams.

I think that writing is the key to salvation.  I think that I have literally written myself out of hell.  If I hadn’t had writing in my dark hour I would be long since dead.  I’d be buried with no heritage left to my loved ones.

But now my heritage is approximately ten thousand pages of text or more.  I stopped counting.  In the first five years of writing I wrote about five thousand pages.  I counted those pages because they were important to me.  Yes, somehow writing stopped being important.  What was more important than the texts I was creating was the emotion and the experience I was leaving behind for others to read, to learn from.  But you can’t leave experiences behind without a form of writing.  You can speak your mind and people will listen, and maybe they will be empathic listeners, and maybe just maybe they will remember something of what you said.  But writing transcends the human voice and its projection in time and space.  Writing is solid, it resounds as a rock-like fragment of a Jupiter-sized concrete moon of some sort.  A forlorn, forsaken land of infinite desires and wishes met.

There’s nothing that feels better than knowing that I have you, my dear Dream Self, to fill in the blanks.  I’ve written so many texts.  Poems, short stories, novellas, preparatory notes, journals, philosophical essays, song lyrics.  I am a great writer of sonnets and ballads and odes.  I took more notes on Picasso than most people do in their lifetimes.  Yet I have yet to leave behind a real testament.  I’ve written tons of things, but never a true testament, except for my autobiography which was written in French.  I chose the French language because I am French, it was my first language learned.  When I am silent, the French tongue echos in the back of my mind.  I think a lot about syntax and I have a half-French and half-Anglo-Saxon syntax.  It’s like this woman said once, that I played the piano like it was a guitar.  She knew innately somehow that I was a guitarist.  I guess that you can’t hide who you truly are, and that, Dream Self, is your job.  You complete me.  You fill in the blanks, and you tell me who I really am.
Sometimes I think that I am not completely human.  I mean, I am a human being, that’s certain, but having dreams makes me think that the Dream Self is alien to the earth.  Far off on some far away planet the Dream Bodies are born and give birth to the Dream Mind.















Postscriptum:

Dear Dream Self, deep core self, birthplace of my deep chagrin and profound ecstatic joys, of my dreams and ambitions on this earth, Amen.

I have only written two short letters several months apart.  Now I will try to put together a string of words that make sense and act as a sort of compendium of the knowledge and experience I wish to pass on with this book, which I must add, is just the beginning of many books to come.

The Coke Messiah Dream and The Biological Prison

Our days are numbered but we can add whatever meaning we wish to our ephemeral existence, making it full of grandeur and breadth.  Life is short, but art is long.  Dreams transcend reality and give power to God.  God is the Eternal Dreamer.  He dreams reality in its many dimensions.  

The Rosary of Peace: i.e. Death Spake Her Crucifix

I imagine a string of beads linked together and being pulled out of the mouth of Death.  I call it the Rosary of Peace.  It is the whole of the moments of epiphany and insight put together during our entire lifetime.  The Rosary of Peace is a prayer of peace and serenity.  It was the first real literary piece I wrote after my therapy.  It marked the beginning of my sobriety.

A Fleeting Look at My Past and the Cautionary Tale

This piece was totally didactic and intended as so.  It’s about really being present.  It’s about presence, being part of the story that you’re telling yourself.  Here I began to delve into behavioral neuroscience and other schools of thought, and began studying certain key documents, testaments of behaviorism and neuroeconomics.  Life was beginning again, I had a renewed love for everything life had to offer.  But I would fall into a sort of depression, and once again, writing helped me to survive, to make it out of my cesspool.  You know, you do a therapy and you come out thinking that you can conquer the world all at once.  The truth is that you can only conquer it a little piece at a time.  Or perhaps more true is that you can only conquer yourself.  The absolute truth I think is that you can only conquer yourself and that you conquer yourself by an act of complete abandonment.  It was at about this time that I realized that I could not keep putting up a fight against my schizophrenia.  I let go and I found real acceptation.  I was full of wild energy but structured energy, like some molecular structure, full of nuclear energy but structured very concisely and precisely.  I was like a dark cloud being penetrated by the light of life’s mysteries.  It was like a hole opened up at the back of my skull and the firmament either blew out of my head or was pressured inside my brain from the outside.  Either way, it was a sensation something like what we would call Heaven.  I had written a song a long time ago whereby I sang something like, “This is the closest thing to heaven!”  An exclamation meaning, “This life on earth is as close as it gets to heaven and it’s heavenly enough for me.”

Food For Thought or The Human Potential Movement

At the point that I wrote Food for Thought, I was reading and rereading dozens of key texts in what you could call the Human Potential Movement.  I read tons of books by Napoleon Hill who in a sense started that movement, whatever you want to call it.  Some people call these kinds of writers Motivators, Coaches, Pop Psychologists.  But Napoleon Hill was a scientist in my eyes, studying the science of success.  He rock & rolled with some of the biggest names in American history.  And success, the very idea of success, I think, is an American thing.  The idea of setting a goal and using time-tested technical skills or organization, etc., to reach your goal, I will always see this as the real American Dream.  The little house with a white picket fence is just another way of saying SUCCESS.

The next several texts in this book were inspired by those readings I made mainly of psychological and philosophical texts having to do with well-being and self-development.  I also started a blog on the internet called Research and Remedies in Human Behavior which was a kind of meltingpot of ideas about human behavior.  That’s when I actually for the first time made it public on a much bigger scale than ever that I was an ex-drug addict and schizophrenic artist.  Many people knew me as an artist from texts that I published online and in poetry magazines and also from exhibits that I did, mostly group exhibits.  My friends and family knew I was an artist, and I also went to open mic nights when I lived in the city and I’ve done many concerts in the past.  But I never realized how long it takes to get known in even a restricted part of society as a creator.  People forget names easily, but my artistic website was the beginning of a kind of exhibition of myself and my skills as an artist.  Now I have a myspace account for my music, I have two of them actually, one for my folk / rock / blues and one for my band with a friend where we play black metal.  In fact, to make a short parenthesis, I’ve been getting into heavy metal lately or hard rock and have found that this is closer to what I really want to do musically.  I am after all a sound designer, I have a diploma as a sound designer or as an electroacoustic composer.  That’s all I did by way of “higher” studies.

I recently bought a distortion pedal for my electric guitar and took back my electric guitar which was gathering dust in my mother’s basement.  A distortion pedal is like a filter for sound, an effect, like a filter on Photoshop used for images.  It transforms the sound, the input, i.e. the electric guitar, into an output, the transformed electric guitar sound, which we call distorted guitar and which has a quality we can tentatively call “fuzz” or harmonic richness or accentuation of harmonics.  Some call it a “harmonizer”.

Anyway, the distortion on my guitar has made me go back to my Led Zeppelin roots, which was the band that compelled me to learn to play the electric guitar.  I only bought an acoustic, “classical” guitar many years later and began recording folk or blues songs.  My songs always had a kind of “alternative” edge and now with my new pedal I am making metal.  But now I want to make more electroacoustic or ambient music, with stock sounds taken from my natural environment.

All this time, since I “graduated” from my therapy, where I stayed a whole year or more, I began gaining weight, and my body image dropped.  I didn’t take care of my apartment and still struggle with maintenance in my apartment.  It’s not that I’m lazy.  It’s more that I have a sort of learning disability which makes organization difficult.  We call it schizophrenia, me and my doctors, and like I was saying, I’ve made it public now.  And the reactions I’ve gotten have been great.  People aren’t scared of the “ex-addict” title.  They congratulate me for my courage and for my abstinence.  It’s been almost two years since I’ve been sober.

Around this time, too, in October or so, 2006, I began taking Feldenkrais classes.  That really changed my life.  More in the next section.

Commonalities in Behavior and Scars of Life:
The Beginning of my New Focus on the Body

Yes, with Feldenkrais came the awareness of my body and a new focus on the body essentially as the beginning of the world and the platform or interface on which or through which the world makes itself present.  Feldenkrais is somatic education.  That is, it’s like you’re relearning to use certain movements that your body has forgotten, a physical possibility of movement that you have lost.  You see, we are born using the full locomotive potential of our bodies.  We move in every way possible since birth.  But by the time we get to school, we’re in a sitting position mostly and we learn to write and slowly our kinesphere its called, dampens.  The kinesphere is the sphere of possible movements that we use, you could say.  At birth, the kinesphere is a full great big sphere around your body.  You can move your arms and legs and head in every direction, freely.  But then as you learn the traditions of your forefathers, a certain way to speak, a certain common way to move, you lose certain possibilities.  The possibilities are still there, but latent, and Feldenkrais teaches you to expand the horizon of your current kinesphere.  It’s also called “consciousness through movement”.  That is, in the actual classes, we lay on a mat and the instructor gives us verbal instructions.  He tells us to do a certain movement, describes the movement, and we enact the movement.  At every stage, the student chooses whether he wants to do the movement or not.  It is entirely possible to spend an entire Feldenkrais class on the mat laying on your back or on your side, ignoring the instructor completely.  This is still efficacious and a learning experience, because you are getting to learn to know yourself.

The basis of Feldenkrais to me is that we are always moving.  Thoughts and feelings cause micromovements of the musculature like it was getting into a “ready” position.  We are always “ready”, we always have a sort of ambient readiness-to-act.  So you can just sit there and “think” of yourself walking and it’s almost indistinguishable from the act of actually walking.  The muscles of your legs will move, will become “ready” and will tend towards walking, even if you are sitting.  In the brain, walking takes place when you merely think of walking.  Imagined actions are as real as actual actions.

You see, though, what happened is that the somatic education classes, the Feldenkrais, changed something inside of me.  It gave me the motivation to take the experience of my body to another level.  I was beginning to be pretty happy about and content with my life, but I began to perceive the possibility of more, the possibility of an almost endless cycle of rebirths and spiritual progress.  I began thinking that I could maybe someday experience God physically, like he was a physical body that I could breathe in.  In fact, right now I’m reading Pope Benedict XVI’s recently-published Exhortation on the Eucharist and he’s speaking about that, except he calls it the Host, the Eucharist, the Body of Christ.  That happens to be how the Christ-Jesus is actually present in a physical way in our universe.  And you can incorporate His body into yours and grow in power.  I don’t mean becoming more powerful like power was a stuff that you suddenly had more of.  I mean power in the mathematical sense.  Incorporating the body of Christ into yours makes you exist to the nth power.  You increase in concrete existence, experientially, to a certain power, you statistically become more real, more physical.  I don’t mean to try to convert anyone here.  I’m just getting to the point: Becoming more physical.  For years I’ve been all too “cerebral”, living in my head, through my mind.  My chief experience was the experience of having thoughts.  But this saved my life.  My body could not have gone through the traumas that I was going through growing up.  Losing my grandfather when I was 9 or 10 would have outright killed me.  My feeling of lost was so great that it would have killed me.  I would have gotten cancer or something and died.  And the terrible acne, it was so humiliating to walk around in the world with a pizza face.  So I turned to books and to the arts.  But now, with the Feldenkrais method, I have discovered the art of the body.  Call it dancing, call it martial arts, call it ordinary movements.  This is what happened: I “fell” into my body.

Only the Heart Detains the Truth; Or, My Holy Testament to the World

So really the Heart Detains the Truth is my autobiography which I really wrote in January or sometime around that time, and I wrote it in four days.  So what I wrote before Ambient Vectors was the general idea of what I wanted to leave to the world in my autobiography.

My autobiography was a kind of experiment in writing.  I was trying to put together the philosophical concepts that I had gleaned over in my long history of readings from the Danish philosopher Soren Kierkegaard.

I wanted to create a “mise-en-abyme” the way that André Gide did so fabulously in his novel “The Counterfeiters”.  And it’s what I am trying to do with this book, a sort of English companion to my Autobiography.

A mise-en-abyme is like a picture-within-a-picture, or a novel-within-a-novel.  It is how I interpret Truth: as a kind of core with concentric circles or layers around it ad infinitum.  Truth itself resides in my heart, my body and my thoughts, and my actions are just the concentric circles or layers growing out of that Truth.  But no one’s truth is the same.  Truth is subjectivity, subjectivity is truth.  That was Kierkegaard’s message, I believe.  So I had been reading a lot of behaviorist texts and readings in behavioral neuroscience and neurobiology, neuroeconomics, etc., and meanwhile I had a vision of objectivity as a possibility.  But as I began writing my Autobiography, I put all objectivity aside and just wrote from the heart.

It was a catharctic experience, writing steady for four days, but I had begun preparing the book in my mind many months before.  My father read the book and I think it was a success.  He enjoyed it and is currently about to begin correcting the grammatical errors in my written French.

Ambient Vectors; Or, My Numerological Studies

You could call it my renewed fascination with chance and the Tarot.  I began buying Tarot decks around Christmas, just before Christmas, in November or so.  I also began rereading a lot of old texts on mathematical logic and different logical systems that I had been acquainted with earlier in my life.  But everything began taking on new meanings on a biological level.  I was rediscovering human life, conscious life.  I was discovering Mystery, and loving it.  I began praying intensely and repeatedly and burning candles.  It was totally esoteric, but honest and genuine as an experience.  I had mingled with magic and esoteric knowledge when I was seventeen or so, but not on this level.  Remember since last Autumn, in 2006, I had gone through a terrible crisis on the level of meaning.  Life had no more meaning and man was in a host of different size prisons from birth to death.  I lost my faith in God, and I began becoming obsessed with a kind of philosophical anthropology or transcendental philosophy where I saw both the “Sorrowful” side of things, i.e. that man is born lost to himself, and the “Glorious” side of things, i.e. that man had the power to transcend himself and his prison-states.  I wrote many philosophical essays which I am trying arduously to finish and which will be completed soon and made into a book.   The point is, I had hope that I could crack the code of existence.  And part of it had to do with numerology and the Tarot and a game called the “Dice of Destiny” which my mother loves and which we play together when I visit.

I got sick over Christmas, I fell and hurt my back very badly.  That brought about a stagnation on the level of concrete action, but I got out of it quickly when I started taking part in a group on stress management, where I was the only man amongst about 7 or 8 middle-aged women.  Everyone there at l’Élan-Demain has had or is living through a crisis concerning their mental health.  I love these women, they are my friends.  And my goal which I had set in August or September of 2006, which was to consolidate my social network and expand it, was really taking shape and form, in plain daylight.

Rewrite Your Bliss; Or, The Premisses of Historical Therapy

In Rewrite your bliss, I really put down to paper the foundation of my Historical Therapy, or Narrative Therapy.  The only thing I can change is the story that I tell myself about myself.  I think that the text itself was clear enough and that I needn’t add much.  Basically, you can alter the outcome of your life by changing the way you interpret your reality, and the possibilities of rewriting your script, your “bliss”, are endless.


Letters to my Dream Self: A Conclusion

There is something that I noticed.  The word “truth” comes up a lot in this book.  Only the Heart Detains Truth, etc.  This Ode to the Dream Self is just a kind of cautionary statement to myself: Remember the Dream Self!  Remember that you are always deeper than the surfaces which pass through your consciousness.  You are a body and have dreams and a mind that has these dreams.  Since you, kind reader, have just read the Letters to my Dream Self, I will end this commentary, and write my final paragraphs.  I don’t want to write a conclusion about my conclusion either.

ABSOLUTELY FINAL STATEMENT:

I’ve begun writing poetry in French.  From the Coke Messiah Dream through to the Letters to my Dream Self, a lot of things happened.  Too many important events took place to really bother noting them all, but certain events were crucial in making me who I am today, and today I feel so sacred, it feels so nice to have soothed my own heartache.  These events were the following, and more which I am leaving untold:

1 - I left the therapy and moved on my own in an apartment in Beloeil.  It was the first time that I was truly alone with myself in my own apartment alone, that is.

2 - I had a spiritual crisis, I developed a nihilistic, fatalistic, atheistic, and cynical philosophy of man, and then suddenly found God and Meaning again and began writing my notebooks on Ontological Christology as part of my research in Theological Materialism.

3 - I began taking Feldenkrais lessons.

4 - I got sick over Christmas.

5 - I wrote my autobiography.

6 - I took part in a group on stress management.

That’s it.  That’s what I’ve done since I left the therapy.  And now I have reached a state that I think could feasibly be described as success, even if the success is still primitive and partial.  Only the dark and morbid Owls of Time can tell what will become of me now.  I do feel, however, that I am at the very beginning of a long life yet to be lived.  I am happy about that.

In conclusion, I only want to add this poem written as a letter from Gemma Galgani to Msgr. Volpi in 1899, which will speak more truth that I could possibly muster set in my old ways as I am (I’m laughing).



I do not wish to deceive:
Letter from Gemma Galgani to Msgr. Volpi, 1899
  
   As a child,
  I knew grief as a bank
  in the business of salvation.
  It was there I held all

  my accounts--Mother said,
  You are never to touch them
  to buy something for yourself.

  But what tears I spent
  on a china doll's shattering,
  the loss of a hat.
  When she died, I'd saved nothing,

  not even one sorrow,
  to buy-off the few sins
  mama forgot to confess.

  If she burns bright in Purgatory
  that is my fault.
  But Jesus is merciful. Even now,
  if I turn my head,

  I hear the Lord saying
  again and again,

  Suffering's the currency that counts.

  Monsignor,
  come see the blood coins
  Christ minted in my hands,

  tell me: Are they counterfeit or not?

	 ***
FINIS OPERA

###

Historical Therapy

February 10th, 2007 at 23h02

Introduction

Historical therapy really takes into consideration the historical aspect of man’s development.  That is, it sees the real effect a man’s history has on his later development.  It also takes a look at how an individual constructs his own “history”, that is, how the individual creates a story over time which represents his life experience.  In historical therapy, paranoia is seen as a thought disorder which can only be solved through its own medium, through thinking.  We partly inherited a Reichian view of man as having bioelectrical or bioenergetic charges that need to be released and that take the shape of muscular and character armors, except that we call these charges physio-images.  In our view, physio-images are neither negative nor positive.  They are simply bioelectrical charges kept in the cells of the body from previous experiences.  We call all input into the brain neurotrauma.  That is, all peak events in bioelectricity in the brain are called neurotraumas.  A man’s personal history is stored as the charged up physio-images as a long line of neurotraumas over the course of his life.

Immediately after birth, the child begins contemplating his universe, groping around his biological center towards a greater and greater area or periphery around that center.  This is how the child learns the geo-grammar of his surroundings, that is, the geological grammar of the space that surrounds him, with its sedimentary layers.  The child will develop according to its genetic baggage which we call genosense and the particular history of its infancy.  Soon the child will learn to represent events to itself through self-narration and the beginning of the end has been engaged.  Man can deny where he comes from but he can’t escape the deterministic force of the history of his development.  So we will be looking at the different techniques of our historical therapy and how they are applied to paranoia and schizophrenia.

It is important, firstly, to grasp the true nature of the narrative.  The personality, as we see it, is a historical system.  On top of that, it is a subjective historical system.  The system orders itself, organizes itself around themes that are chosen by the individual.  At the age when a child begins socializing, a main narrative picture is chosen: i.e. I want to be seen as x, y or z.  Peak events are chosen and fitted into the main story.  The personality itself is this subjective historical system that projects itself in narrative form to the Other or to itself, giving meaning to itself.  This has a survival function: To strengthen the social group, to know what X is experiencing, to cut out the possibility of a threat, by means of seeking security.

The personality is a self-reflexive system of representation.  This is what makes it historical.  It is subjective because it self-presents, or presents itself to itself and to the Other.  At a certain age, a choice is made, the choice of autonomy, the choice that makes me an independent geological fragment or plate.  The very nature of the subjective experience is “relatable”.  We seek companionship to be able to tell our stories, our narratives.  But there is such a thing as narrative failure, when everyone is so caught up with their own stories that listening does not take place.  Then the self can become alienated or disillusioned.  A sort of bankruptcy of the personality or subjective historical system takes place.  Social stigma can also cause this disenfranchisement, this slow dehumanization.  This is what we will see in the case of paranoid schizophrenia.


I
Delusions are at one end of the belief spectrum.  At the other end, maybe we have the narratives we read in newspapers.  These are not really in danger of forming indissoluble beliefs.  Delusions, however, are believed with the most profound conviction.  Part of the path of life that the delusional person is marching on is what I call the “crisis of belief”, and delusions are an important part of it.  Of course, one can cross the crisis of belief without having to be delusional or paranoid necessarily.  It just makes it easier to cross the threshold because it perpetuates a kind of doubt about experiences.

At the beginning of the crisis of belief is shyness, insecurity, low self-confidence and self-esteem.  This amounts to being doubtful about one’s place in the world.  Through a long history of battles between doubt and belief or faith, the crisis of belief ends when the individual begins believing in himself.  Belief in oneself is ultimately the real function of belief in the human being, belief in one’s potential and resources, body, mind, and soul.






Dream Genesis

Dream genesis is a technique I developed when I was disturbed by the constant harassment of deeply engrained obsessions of a paranoid nature.  It is based on a theory of the perception of threats and therefore value transgressions.  Basically, a persecution delusion is based on a value that the paranoid individual fears is being transgressed.  An example: I am obsessed with the idea that the man over there has a gun and is going to rob me.  The motive/value/consciousness technique of dream genesis would go like this: What is the motive for this man in robbing me?  If the motive here is material gain, then the value that is being transgressed if he robs me is a sort of material security or the value of material possession.  Then I must take consciousness of this value and return to the object of my delusion: Is that man about to rob me or am I just insecure about my material possessions or afraid that my dignity as a person could be tainted or abused?

The real dream genesis techniques, however, have to do with visualization exercises where values are found in the same way.  We can then work in this form: 1. Imagine a totally absurd action; 2. What makes it absurd?  In other words, what value does the action transgress?; 3. 

Value transgressions usually turn towards absurdity, irony, death, and impossibility.


dream genesis
motive - value - conscience
primary attitude change (objective stance)
double standard method
physio-imaging (discharging bioelectrical charges)
narrative therapy, rewriting your bliss
value transgressions, attitude modification (objective stance)
charged words, concepts (mental objects)
reception strategies
on how you constructed a sense-full narrative
building blocks of your story past meanings
you remember what you’ve narrated
and narrating creates neuro-pathways
we look at how we narrated neurotraumas
what do the people say when you revisit those places? (Creative visualization)
Use your own history to heal yourself, study your history find physio-images, peak events, what makes me narrate these peak events as I am now doing?  Why do we narrate our life stories like this?  What makes us choose certain stories? Certain images?  Because they fit into the story.  So we develop a story early on and choose only what fits into the system.  The history is a system that feeds on itself and regulates its own movements.  So find that early choice, the first choice, the historical choice, the choice that made history.
is the choice the autonomous choice? The choice of autonomy?
the history is a system, it creates orders, it orders experiences, hierarchizes, the system is the subjectivity, the peak events are signs, symbols, icons...
the subjective personality is a history, is a system of representation which is self-reflexive, it doesn’t remember everything, what is ready at hand is what is a peak event in bioelectricity, the traumas, the ecstatic joys, etc.
What are the criteria for choosing to place an event emotional, social, psychological, etc. into the big picture, the big story?  We choose what helps tell the story.  The subjective historical system of narrative personality.
When does the child choose to build a story?  At school with the other children.  I began my narrative in grade two, that my parents were separated, that I was a victim basically, misunderstood, etc.
The choice of stories of self-narrations is made when the child first starts to socialize.  The self-narrative is social.  It is meant for the Other originally.  It is a self-presentation of a history.
What we want is a curative self-presentation, a self-self-presentation, a self-presentation to oneself, not to the Other.  We want to project to ourselves what we’ve been telling everyone for years.
The subjectivity is an organizing principle.  The very nature of the subjective experience is “relatable”.  Experience opens us up to speaking about our experience.  It is open-ended.  I think that the human being seeks innately to know what his fellow human beings are experiencing.  We want to know if it is the same experience on some points.  We don’t want to feel alone.  We need companions.  And the self-presentation of one’s history has a companionship factor to it and in the social group, it has a specific function, has a kind of survival value.  I need to know what X is experiencing to cancel out the possibility of threats and also for reasons of security.  Communication implies the self-presentation of a subjective historical system.
The personality is the axis of self-narration.  It is a history of wins and losses, gains and losses, successes and failures.
It requires a moment of silence with oneself, of deep solitude to realize what one’s own narration is.  Narration is the fluid state of the personality, its extended state, episodic, allegorical, narrative.  It is the zone of sense in the brain, the neocortex with pathways to the limbic system, these tunnels of sense, like lacerations.
The post-historical subject.  This is the subject of post-historical belief.  First we have a history, we interpret events and organize them into narratives for the groups that we belong to, the listening arrays, the empathic manifold... and we built narratives and we believed in them.  Now we have made a cut in the history which is irretrievable.  Now we are in post-history, post-op, post-vécu.  Post-lived, post-experience.  And now we believe in ourselves, in the observer behind the subjective network, the silent or mute witness behind the system of representation which is the subjective historical system.
It’s now time for post-colonial repentance and daily rituals that celebrate life, the ongoing pageant of repentance, social rites of passage.
N-groups, n-families which are informational systems.
Belief in the deep core self, the witness of the structured, informative energy field.
I read a book every three days..
Where do we make the distinction between Cognition, Belief, and Logical Pathology?  Cognitions and beliefs are logical pathologies, as well as fear-narratives, for example.  They are conceptual and linguistic, symbolic, representational physio-images.  Logos-images, or logical images.  Because we know it’s episodic, historical, allegorical.  And it is logos and pathos as well as ethos, like intention for example.
THERE IS A TRUE AND A FALSE HISTORY: The Narrative is the false history, and the True or Real, genuine, authentic history is what is actually going on each minute of every day which is so complex that it cannot be expressed in words, let alone in a very simplified “core story”.  (Cover story).
The core narrative is a false history, is a representation of some events rather than others.  So liberation comes when you begin believing in your true self, in the sheer force of history which is ineffable.  And you start looking back and seeing the convergences between real history and false history, seeing where the narrative was really just covering something up.  For instance, my long victim’s tale was hiding a real or true story of insecurity and fear.  But I told the story like I was the victim of these evil characters like my mother.  So we need to CONVERT the false history into a true history, or I should say a TRUER history because the truest history can never be reached.  We are lacking data.
Lack of information can create a narrative.  The desire to influence and please can create a narrative.  But essentially it is a lack that creates the narrative, a lack of information, lack of security, lack of authenticity, lack of creativity, imagination, strength, confidence, self-esteem, etc.
So we of necessity have concepts of HISTORICAL DIVERGENCE and NARRATIVE CONVERSION.
Positions in narration: Actor, Passive Experiencer, Mediator (go-between)... The Critic and the Actor...
Beliefs are the support of the narrative, because the narrative’s essential property is that it is held to be true with utmost conviction.  It is held as ultimate truth.  Why else would we project it into the social sphere?
Narrative = supporting beliefs = cognitions that are felt to be true, convinced cognitions.
Cognitions are made up of logos-images, they are logos-images in a certain phraseology.  The individual invests in his narrative.  He invests his thoughts, beliefs, and emotional life.  This is what’s at stake.  Everything’s at stake.  You set out on the voyage of life or life voyage with the wrong story and you’re simply fucked!
Hero, Auxillary, and Agressor.  But there are different kinds.  I had Propp’s book all along, with the thirty-two different variations on the narrative.
Narration: F. Narratioon – L. Acc. Narrationem, a tale – L. Narratus, pp. Of narrare, to relate, lit. To make known – L. Narus, gnarus, knowing, acquainted with, GNA = to know.  So narrative is related to knowledge.
STORY: 1. Narrative, account; 2. Report, statement; 3.anecdote; 4. Short story; 5.lie, falsehood; 6: a news article or broadcast = synonyms untruth, tale, canard.
HISTORY: events that form the subject matter of history, an established record, a branch of knowledge that records and explains pas events, or a chronological record of significant events often with an explanation of their causes, see histrionic, deliberately affected, of or relating to actors, acting, or the theater... Histrionics, theatrical performances or deliberate display of emotion for effect.
See Concern, Care, and Fact, Record, Plan, Principle, Knowledge.
The narrative that the child “tells” to his colleagues positions him into a specific “role” in the social group.  So a look at roles in groups will give me the different properties of narratives.
Storytelling is a RITUAL.  It can be complex and is basically a way of satisfying our thirst for structuring time.


IOS = Image of self
FTP = failure-type person
VP = victimized person
SG = success-goals
FG = failure-goals
SM = success-mechanism
GOAF = goal-oriented active feeling
ECPE = Electrochemical physiological experience
ARS = Active regulating system
PE = peak event
DS = directional subtypes
PBS = primordial blank state
TBS = Total birth state
DCS = Deep core self
ICE = Internalized cocoon experience
ROA = Realm of action
DOF = Domain of feeling
AC = Active feeling
DG = Dream genesis
DM = Directional motility
SC = Safety Core
DIP = Destructive Internal Process
IOW = Image of World

Total Birth State = intense pain/pleasure expression movement, no discernment/judgment, total dependence, a total being

Birth => survival instinct => emotional learning => superego (moral regulation) => talents/capabilities => maturity

(Christian psychology), talents, gifts, 11th commandment, follow your bliss

PBS => DCS => TBS => attachment form => moral ìelevageî raising, steering =>habit structure
Raising/habit formation => contiguous, superego/physiohabit, physical habit structure, microtendencies, endostrategies macrotendencies, exostrategies

Birth is not traumatic, itís ecstatic.

Birth of consciousness = after primary attachment
Pain/pleasure oscillation, vacillation, not pain pleasure but retracting/attracting forward/active + backward (neutral)/passove

Active feeling versus resentment (attached/clinging backward reactive glance/scan path follow-up)

Uterine symbiosis
Primordial blank state (tunnelling/furrowing out of the vaginal canal = ejectionÖ ìfallî external world ìrealm of action vs domain of feeling

BIRTH ECSTASY/Comfort/Fall + Immediate Exposure
1.	Ecstatic peak rising
2.	fall
3.	stasis
4.	depressure decompression
5.	adjustment relaxation uterine foetal fatigue
6.	homeostasis

Feeding ecstasy, discharge ecstasy

Dark tunneling effect, discharge into the world, into-consciousness, the new pain/stress = progression, evolution, new event = adjustment and survival (emotional maintenance)

Emotion = index for precise action (adequacy)

Activity (feeling of freedom of effectiveness w/ respect to changes in the world
Receptivity (Feeling of dependence of being acted upon by things in the world => affectation)

Religious emotion = response, pleasant or unpleasant, to changes in the finite or sensible self-consciousness
Absolute dependence = necessary for religious emotions, feeling is immediate self-consciousness as opposed to objective consciousness, being a representation of oneself (IOS)

IOS / Image of World (IOW)
Emotions are a sort of concern-based impression or perception or construal of the situation (they transcend proportionality)

###

